BlogMessage next four years of the Dubya administration. As Floridians, we were appalled that Jeb Bush, Katherine Harris and the U.S. Supremes would select our president instead of seeking a fair and accurate count of all the votes. 02,August,2004 Smallpox Vaccinations for Everyone Here, in some sort of macabre Wag the Dog scenario, I believe they are gleefully counting on hundreds of Americans dying. Waiting for the wailing husbands and wives, sons and daughters, and brothers and sisters to appear on the news, blaming the evil Saddam for the death of their loved ones and demanding revenge - increasing the already deafening beat on the drums of war the corporate owned and Bush friendly media is playing. 02,August,2004 Outing UFO Clues Good for Ratings Rothschild said he wants to encourage a sustained, scientific study of UFO materials. But Rothschild may be more interested in strengthening his ties with the Sci Fi Channel, which is funding the Coalition for Freedom of Information. ( via ) Hmmm, yes. Is this the same Sci Fi Channel that funded this bs? I think it is. 02,August,2004 ...enter the British Wind Energy Association. They found that 25% of the all the letters complaining about the turbines came from the same 16 people. One of their slides listed the names of seven letter writers and, in bold letters, stated "We Know Where You Live" . If the British Seven continue to write letters and speak up at planning board meetings, who knows? Perhaps they will be mysteriously reduced to the British Six or Five. ( via ) 02,August,2004 The IBM Link to Auschwitz The infamous Auschwitz tattoo began as an IBM number. And now it's been revealed that IBM machines were actually based at the infamous concentration-camp complex. ( via ) 02,August,2004 The Ruins of Cydonia ...without any enhancement this data was riddled with what appeared to be a series of rectilinear formations just beneath the permafrost. These formations vary in shape and size but seem to follow a grid like pattern throughout Cydonia and have all the earmarks of an intelligently designed "city". ( via ) 02,August,2004 It keeps the meat mill humming To swear that death's a lie The truth is, Sadly, sometime, You'll be glad to say goodbye ( via ) 02,August,2004 Automatic Horrorscope October 2002 You will experience great anxiety and turmoil during the month as cosmic vibrations from the Dark Planet create astral complications. Spend as much time as possible away from those who would lead you to destruction. Avoid entering into any financial arrangements with strangers. Beware of former associates who show up at your door with festering blisters and oozing sores. Satanic influences may manifest in your dwelling as ordinary situations. You may wish to have a close friend store any weapons or poisons you may have on hand. As you slip further into the depths of despair and financial ruin, it will be easier for you to continue without the tempting implements of suicide available. It is unlikely you will find employment after your job is eliminated. Your best chance of survival is to join the military. The discipline and conformity of the military will help you take your mind off the demons that haunt you. October is a bad month for changing medications. Continue to take the pills your doctor has prescribed even if you are feeling almost normal. Stock up on canned goods and bottled water while prices are still low. Magnetic pulses from solar eruptions are likely to cause hyper-inflation if zodiac conditions remain constant. ---Fairly accurate, amazing. Now where did I put that pistol? 02,August,2004 Cameras inside the coffin , interviewing the worms . ( via and via ) 02,August,2004 Radioactive battery provides decades of power Tiny batteries that draw energy from radioactive isotopes could provide 50 years of power for micro-devices and electronics, its inventors say. Batteries based on radioactive energy sources were first suggested in the 1960s during a boom in nuclear power research. Many of these were shelved because of public safety concerns. Scientists show off ray gun drill Scientists have unveiled a space-age ray gun drill that uses microwaves to bore through concrete, rock or glass. "On the other hand, the drill emits hazardous radiation, which requires safety measures and limits its operating conditions." 02,August,2004 Logic dictates that no matter the effort, intent is the basis that directs. Our intent as 'western' progress oriented democracies is both cancerous and cosmic, intermingled in such a way that Occam's Razor will either provide a close yet ultimately satisfying shave or an aortal slice that proves fatal... We thought We could Fix it later Now we're just a Smoking crater Burma Shave ( via ) 02,August,2004 Pentagon to train 5,000 Iraqi insurgents A spokesperson for the Iraqi opposition group based in London, the Iraqi National Congress, has claimed that the Pentagon will train 5,000 operatives who will begin their training in November, with a view to entering Iraq to topple the regime. 02,August,2004 In court, the captain pleaded guilty and said he was sorry for what had happened. The soldiers spoke in defence of their commander, " He's a fabulous person. But very strict. " 02,August,2004 "Smart" gun control If an officer drops a gun or it is taken away from him during a tussle, a 'smart' gun could not be turned against him because there would be means of specifically identifying the authorized user... 02,August,2004 A screaming red display flashes up on the goggles informing him that the millimeter-wave radar has noticed a stream of bullets headed in his direction and would you like to know where they came from, sir ? He turns off all of the techno-shit in his goggles. All it does is confuse him; he stands there reading statistics about his own death even as it's happening to him. Very post-modern. - Snow Crash 02,August,2004 Insider Spills the Dirty Secret of Iraq War ìWe are planning to set up a MacArthur-likeî government in Iraq, the ex-official said enthusiastically, referring to the US occupation regime established in Japan at the end of World War II. ìIf we are in Iraq, nobody can use oil as a weapon.î So... Do we have a MacArthur clone ? 02,August,2004 Spirit in the Sky Although leading UFO writers had labelled it a UFO case, locals saw it as part of their country's rich ghostlore of phantom lights. ( via ) 02,August,2004 Feeling Antigravity's Pull ...once you start talking about UFOs and Nazi antigravity you're not far from hidden tunnels under the White House full of lizard-men disguised as Freemasons. But like the core of any good conspiracy, antigravity research has the ring of plausibility. ( via ) 02,August,2004 Location Earth Dog Tags If you're abducted by aliens these dog tags may save your life. The crucial data an alien will need to get you back to Earth is die stamped into these dog tags. ( via ) 02,August,2004 Human Bomb 02,August,2004 Nuclear Reactors Existed on Earth Two Billion Years Ago The reactors are unique objects that cannot be found anywhere else in the world. They allow us learn a lot about our planet's history. They also give us an opportunity to explore the consequences of such long operation of nuclear reactors. Furthermore, the study of the ancient reactors will be helpful in terms of developing radioactive waste disposal technologies. 02,August,2004 The movie "Signs" in four easy steps ( via ) 02,August,2004 Archaeologists Explore Cold War Nuclear Test Site One of the more bizarre artifacts yet to be discovered is a family bomb shelter equipped as if for a "Leave It to Beaver" family, with fully dressed mannequins, TVs, furniture, and a kitchen full of canned goods. ( via ) 02,August,2004 4 in 10 Americans support annexing Canada ...those who follow Canada-U.S. relations closely said Canadians should not panic. "I wouldn't worry about the army coming," said Christopher Sands, director of the Canada Project for the Center for Strategic and International Studies in Washington, D.C. ( via ) 02,August,2004 Secret inspiration behind 'A Clockwork Orange' Anthony Burgess was inspired to write his most famous novel A Clockwork Orange by his real-life involvement in CIA-run mind-control experiments, a new biography claims. ( via ) 02,August,2004 UFOs would be nice, but the evidence is lacking ...the UFO "faithful" believe that we are being visited by aliens, and the government is covering up the fact. Why the government would try to cover up alien visitors is something I don't understand. How a government that leaks like a sieve could possibly cover up such a story for nearly half a century is beyond my comprehension. 02,August,2004 News for a Synergic Earth Synergists are trying to heal the wounds inflected by those who don't understand how the world could work. This then is the essential challenge to the synergists. Can we work together and act responsibly in time to save our ourselves on this planet? 02,August,2004 Killer Russian Bears Knock Off People with Rock Slides I am talking about the dreaded Caucasian bear. I have heard a lot of stories about how it kills cows. A bear sits somewhere in the mountains. As soon as it sees a cow, it starts pushing rocks down. This is the way it kills people. The bears probably do this for their own entertainment. 02,August,2004 Stopping Loose Nukes To be sure, building an atomic wall wouldn't be reason to stop doing all the other things we already do to keep the world free from radiological terror: weapons inspections, military strikes, peace marches. But like the city walls of old, an atomic wall of networked sensors might have the single most profound impact on our perception of safety, particularly for those of us living within the obvious targets. 02,August,2004 Falwell Targeted for Death The upset and shaken conservative Baptist minister apologized Saturday. All's Well That's Falwell . It's humanitarian and good Islamic behavior to accept an apology from a person who admits making a mistake. Let that be a lesson to you, Jerry. Sing along, now... Never be rude to an Arab , An Israeli, or Saudi, or Jew. Never be rude to an Irishman, No matter what you do... 02,August,2004 02,August,2004 The Sagebrush Saloon: Patriarch's Corner "The invisible Money Power is working to control and enslave mankind. It financed Communism, Facism, Marxism, Zionism and Socialism. All of these are directed to making the United States a member of World Government." --American Mercury Magazine 02,August,2004 Russian atomic city builds future on nuclear dreams At the nuclear cemetery, 3,000 tons of spent nuclear fuel already lie cooling in containers under several yards of clear water. Many residents of Zheleznogorsk would happily take more. Some worry that with the pools more than half full, space is running out. A local engineer said the city had tried plans to convert military plants to civilian use, but they had not worked out. "This is how we live: We look forward to each trainload of somebody else's crap..." 02,August,2004 Vulcan Porn Not Kosher Mr. Spock, says he sees no logic in the decision. 02,August,2004 The Lowest-Tech Atom Bomb Letís imagine a bad case. Saddam sets off a bomb in Washington D.C. ...he takes credit immediately for his terrorism. He announces that he has additional weapons, and that if the U.S. retaliates, he will start setting them off in major U.S. cities. 02,August,2004 A way out of the Iron Cage I see a great possibility in weblogging, at the same time I see it's ultimate outcome as being, most likely, absorption into a familiar mode of production and all potency of the form being subsumed in Sprite ads and propaganda. Bias in the Blogosphere If the internet is not an inherently democratic technology, what can be done to rectify the situation? Clearly it is in the interests of society to ensure that all groups have a voice. The operation of the propaganda model in the blogosphere, where the influence of power and wealth is not immediately evident, shows that this will not naturally occur. 02,August,2004 Alien Dave No aliens were harmed or injured in any way in the making of this website... 02,August,2004 May 2001: Plutonium for sale The nuclear arms race has left the world with a terrifying legacy: 3 million kilograms of bomb-grade plutonium and uranium. A terrorist would need no more than a few kilograms to make a devastating bomb, so you'd think this material would be kept under guard in secure military installations. You'd think so, but you'd be wrong. 02,August,2004 The Stairway to Heaven and the return of Planet X ( PDF File ) While it is uncertain if Planet X is headed this way in the immediate future, one thing is certain. The return of this planet centers on the recovery of a technology once housed at Solomonís Temple that is used to open a gateway linking Earth with far off regions of space. Recent military and political activity suggests that the world powers are jockeying for position as if the return of Planet X is imminent. The stakes are high. This planet is at the center of a biblical prophecy known as the ìDay of the Lord.î The man in the catbird seat of this milieu is Saddam Hussein... ( via ) 02,August,2004 The IBM Link to Auschwitz The infamous Auschwitz tattoo began as an IBM number. And now it's been revealed that IBM machines were actually based at the infamous concentration-camp complex. ( via ) 02,August,2004 Independent 9/11 Commission in Jeopardy The leader of a group of Sept. 11 relatives, Stephen Push of Families of Sept. 11, has questioned whether the White House was trying to block the commission. "As recently as Monday, they were bringing up issues they never brought up before," he said. The breakdown of talks come as tensions have been rising between intelligence agencies and a congressional panel investigating the Sept. 11 attacks. 02,August,2004 Questioning History The social studies chairwoman at an Arkansas middle school where I was once employed greeted me the first day of in-service with one question: Had I seen The Patriot. I had, and I foolishly ventured my honest assessment of the film: that it was emotionally manipulative and cavalier with its historical content. I should have turned mid-stream when a slow-motion grimace drew her lips into an unpleasant pucker. She was shocked and disgusted. For her, the film was the Revolutionary War, and that was exactly how she planned to present it when she played the video for her classes. 02,August,2004 Plan to recover nuclear gas rejected Krypton-85 is created in nuclear reactors and released when spent fuel is reprocessed. The gas circulates the globe and, according to standard risk estimates, future emissions could cause an extra 80 cases of cancer worldwide over 10 years. 02,August,2004 Science in search of the low rumble Sound waves at these frequencies were found to vibrate internal organs, incapacitating opponents for hours, even days and sometimes leading to fatalities. 02,August,2004 The Onion: Is there a God? David Byrne: Um... whoa. I'm going to resist trying to go for a flip and funny answer. [Pauses.] I would say yes, but in a form so strange and so convoluted and so unusual for us that we will never, ever comprehend it . 02,August,2004 Before the Flood, There Was No Moon ...after the Moon was created, it orbited far away from the Earth. A space object flew near the Moon, which caused the moon to change its orbit. The Moon moved closer to the Earth and became ìimprisonedî by the Earthís gravity. Then, the Moon became the master of Earthís waters. The Moonís approach resulted in immense tides, volcano eruptions, and earthquakes. Waves were the height of mountains, volcanoes were erupting, and water was boiling. Probably, the new satellite was the reason for the Great Flood. 02,August,2004 Wired News: U.S. vs. Them America is fighting terrorism, an enemy with no known boundaries. George Bush wants to fight Iraq and the so-called axis of evil. What kinds of technologies are being developed to instigate and to defend? And what is happening to the freedoms American citizens have come to expect, as concerns for security grow? 02,August,2004 Army Brews Potions That Protect The U.S. Army's new methods for protecting against chemical and biological attacks read like a shopping list from the cosmetics counter. An array of defensive and decontaminating foams, sprays, powders and lotions are all being developed to shield soldiers and equipment from mustard gas, VX, sarin, anthrax and other poisons. But how many of these new measures will be available for an incursion into Iraq? 02,August,2004 Pentagon to Test New Toys on Iraq America needs to test its new weapons. The military and technological advantage of the United States needs to continue to grow. Iraq will be the best testing ground. Americaís defense department is doing its best to invent more lethal toys that will bring as much good as possible during another war in the Gulf. The Pentagon is conducting secret research to develop and test new kinds of non-lethal chemical weapons. This was reported by Jan van Aken, the head of Germany-based Sunshine Project . 02,August,2004 USAF Acknowledges Beam Weapon Readiness Directed-energy technology is ready to be used as weaponry and, in a mature state, one device carried by an unmanned aircraft could attack each of 100 targets with 1,000 pulses of energy in a single sortie, says a former director of the U.S. Air Force's high-power microwave program. In case of Sonic Attack on your district, follow these rules ..... If you are making love, it is imperative to bring all bodies to orgasm simultaneously Do not waste time blocking your ears Do not waste time seeking a soundproof shelter Try to get as far away from the sonic source as possible, but do not panic..... 02,August,2004 The Bunker Nightmare Goes Nuclear Faced with the prospect of "asymmetric" warfare against rogue powers or terrorist organizations with weapons of mass destruction tucked in their basements, the Pentagon has begun to consider the previously unthinkable: developing specially designed nuclear weapons for attacking buried caves and tunnels. These weapons would ideally do their damage while creating only limited nuclear fallout aboveground. Such a move would represent the most significant rewriting of U.S. nuclear strategy in decades, because its intended purpose violates the two cornerstones of current policy: to use nuclear weapons only as a last resort and never to use them against nonnuclear nations. 02,August,2004 Brainwashing in the United States The mainstream media in the US has slipped into the role of purveyor of propaganda for Bush's proposed war against Iraq. Americans naively assume that they will always recognize propaganda because it will announce itself in Orwellian strategems. In the collective mind, propaganda is still associated with totalitarian regimes, with Nazi Germany... ...we urgently need a new vocabulary that would educate citizens to understand how propaganda works in modern, democratic societies. Today in the US, propaganda works more to limit the range of discussion and to exclude from the public arena arguments or evidence challenging the prevailing orthodoxy. 02,August,2004 Only one Adolf Hitler Round here, we are not very keen on the notion of banning words of any kind. The time has come to make an exception. The following words should be banned henceforth from political discourse: "Hitler" and "Nazi". Round here, when it looks like a duck, and quacks like a duck, it's a duck. 02,August,2004 The Ruins of Cydonia ...without any enhancement this data was riddled with what appeared to be a series of rectilinear formations just beneath the permafrost. These formations vary in shape and size but seem to follow a grid like pattern throughout Cydonia and have all the earmarks of an intelligently designed "city". ( via ) 02,August,2004 Merging Man And Machine His most bizarre vision: the world of 2050 dominated by cyborgs, their brains all linked to a global network, sharing access to a common super-intelligence. Network police could be summoned at the mere thought of crime. (Via via ) 02,August,2004 Massive attack The e-bomb, as developed by engineers in the United States, Britain and Russia doesn't kill people or destroy buildings. Rather, it uses either electromagnetic pulse, microwaves or radio frequencies to destroy electronic circuits from a distance.In friendly hands, it offers the tantalising prospect of winning wars without hurting people. In enemy hands, it threatens a nightmare scenario of instantly blacked-out stock exchanges, hospitals, airports - even whole cities. (Via Surfing the Apocalypse ) 02,August,2004 Westerners report green, purple flaming meteor Residents in Utah, Colorado and southern Wyoming saw a fireball, which some said had a long tail of green, orange and purple flames that raced across the night sky. Green Meteors May Forecast UFOs During the 1948-1952 UFO flap, green fireballs kept appearing over the western U.S. Many UFO investigators have speculated about a possible connection between the green fireballs and the high number of UFO sightings that took place during the same time period. (Via Surfing the Apocalypse ) Meteor alert in Russia The Russian newspaper Pravda reports that witnesses in the Siberian region of Irkutsk, saw a ìvery large luminous objectî fall to Earth ó accompanied by a flash and a thunderous sound. Cash plea for Russian meteor chasers Scientists investigating what is believed to be a "significant" fresh meteor crater in a remote part of Siberia are begging for funds to mount an expedition. 02,August,2004 Wars, Wackos and Warming Just ten years ago, it all seemed so far-fetched. But no more. The scientists were right. Their predictions have come true, and sooner than most thought possible. Last week the two biggest stories in North America and Europe involved the spread of an African virus and biblical flooding. Look out your window. (Via Incublogula ) 02,August,2004 January 1995: The Wired Scared Shitlist Ten technological developments that truly give us the creeps: suitcase nukes, plutonium tap water, over-the-counter eugenics, currency collapse, Microsoft victory, electro-cancer, EMP bomb, techno-feudalism, sandlot nuclear war, viral Chernobyl. 02,August,2004 Human handshake opens data stream Email addresses, digital business cards and other data could be transferred between modified PDA's using the system. The companies claim the computers would not have to be connected directly to the user's skin as they could rely on the conductivity of clothing. Other possible uses include automatic authentication of individuals as they touch a door handle or a computer. MP3's, viruses, trojans, porn, blogs, secret documents, all kinds of stuff could be transferred person-to-person, with a handshake. Yeah... 02,August,2004 Large world found beyond Pluto A new planet-like object has been found circling the Sun more than one and a half billion kilometres beyond Pluto. Quaoar, is half Pluto's size, but apparently larger than the ninth planet's moon, Charon. NIBIRU? Nibiru is the 4th dimensional flagship of the Milky Way Galaxy's Galactic Federation. Many different civilisations have representatives that live aboard it. It is a planet, a battlestar, and a ship, all at the same time. It was the main peacekeeping force in the galaxy until 2000 BC, and is a little over 3 times the size of Earth. 02,August,2004 You shone like the sun Syd Barrett was the prodigiously talented founder of Pink Floyd, but after just two years at the centre of the 60s psychedelic scene, he suffered a massive breakdown and has lived as a recluse ever since. (Via Dumbmonkey ) A Long, Strange Trip Drug abuse, schizophrenia, family and friends who meant well but did harm, and through it all, undeniable genius. For Roky Erickson, life as one of the most influential Texas rock and rollers of all time has been a long, strange trip and fortunately, it isn't over yet. 02,August,2004 Do you have stairs in your house? (Via Chapel Perilous ) 02,August,2004 Fighting Net Censorship Abroad Is Big Mama watching you? Washington lawmakers are considering legislation that would allocate $100 million to thwart Internet censorship by authoritarian regimes. 02,August,2004 Scheme hides Web access The ringing declaration that information wants to be free often bounces off a hard reality -- the free flow of information can attract interference. The reality online is that censorship and surveillance are widespread and growing. Researchers from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology have come up with a scheme that could guarantee users access to data in such a way that their actions could not be monitored. 02,August,2004 Jesus was a Liberal Commie Hippie Taking back the Jesus-meme, one Usenet post at a time. (Via Random-Abstact ) 02,August,2004 We don't need anyone spreading more panic now Thats right. So whatever you do, don't blog this. You shouldn't even be reading it. (Via Chapel Perilous ) 02,August,2004 Once a pervert, always a pervert Fearturing outstanding pervert, George Putnam. (Via The Ultimate Insult ) 02,August,2004 Got your panties in a bunch? Apology Panties come in enough variety to cover any blogging faux pax: flame-wars, comment trolling, thinly veiled insults, direct linking, template stealing, left wing bashing and right-wing name-calling. (Via Juul-Punt ) 02,August,2004 China tries to control Tibet with 'soul boy' Portraits of the official Panchen Lama, looking somewhat bewildered in his Buddhist robes, have been erected in temples in the Tashilhunpo monastery. But outside, on the city streets, it is clear that there is no public affection for the boy. Determined to keep a firm grip on the Buddhist leadership, Beijing insisted that the reincarnated Panchen Lama must be born on Chinese territory -- excluding the exile community, which has defied China's wishes. It refused to consult the exiled Dalai Lama, accusing him of being a meddlesome outsider. 02,August,2004 Atomic memory developed Imagine a CD with a storage capacity not of 650 MB but 650 million MB. Such a storage capacity is theoretically possible because of experiments using individual atoms to store data. 02,August,2004 Fuck Hollywood, use your imagination ...we embrace the contradiction of using technology to question technology. Given the intention of the film is to commune, to connect, we employ the franca lingua of the technological order - what Baudrillard terms 'the evil demon of images'. The image becomes our location. We relocate onto the image, onto our venerated familiar, the iconic, as we reshuffle the deck to offer an iconoclastic experience in the form of a film. (Via Incublogula ) 02,August,2004 New P2P network funded by US government A team of government-funded US scientists is building a Peer-2-Peer (P2P) network that they say will solve technical problems with existing P2P networks, such as Gnutella and Kazaa, and might even one day supercede the web. (Via Zem ) 02,August,2004 AOL to Assist with, Cause Amber Alerts America Online announced yesterday that it has partnered with law enforcement to bring the Amber Alerts to millions of desktops in a program they're calling Alert/System/Logistics, or a/s/l for short. 02,August,2004 Google Bomb ...with great power comes great responsibility... and the weblog community is only now beginning to come to terms with a new application that subverts the very technology that powers Google, the world's favorite search engine. 02,August,2004 Agency Probes D.C. Wireless Network A Pringles can is ideal because of its shape ó a long tube that lets someone to point it at specific buildings ó and its aluminum inner lining. It acts like a satellite dish, collecting signals and bouncing them to the receiver, which is then wired into a laptop. Drop the Pringles on the ground and back away, citizen... (Submitted by Optical Poptitude ) 02,August,2004 "Does that mean one must leave the Republican Party in order to fight for liberty? Maybe so. " 02,August,2004 Rumsfeld Says Don't Sweat DARPA Info Awareness Experiment The Information Awareness Office is an experiment by the Defense Advanced Research Project Agency to use advanced capabilities to gather and analyze information that may help in the war on terror. But it is still a research program, Rumsfeld said, adding he wouldn't dwell on its pieces. He frankly admitted he does not know much about the program. Big Brother's been around a long time What about privacy? Aldridge is soothing: "We're designing this system to ensure complete anonymity of uninvolved citizens, thus focusing the efforts of law enforcement officials on terrorist investigations. We'll have to operate under the same legal conditions as we do today that protects individuals' privacy when this is operated by the law enforcement agency." Oh? Well, fuck it. I feel much better now. 02,August,2004 A Nation of Suspects That the person suggesting that the U.S. government needs to engage in extensive electronic data mining of potentially every American is the same person who was the mastermind of the Iran-Contra scandal during the Reagan administration ought to be enough to send a chill down the collective spine of the public. 02,August,2004 Feds Hiding Health Data ...scientific information that doesn't fit the Administration's political agenda is being suppressed. The public needs to have access to scientifically accurate and unbiased health information. This administration is removing important health information from the public domain simply based on ideology. 02,August,2004 Conspiracies are getting up my nose As persistent as conspiracy-think has proven ó and as necessary, when you look up from one of those countless doomsday-talking, paranoia-driven Web sites long enough to notice that Henry Kissinger's back in the saddle ó it's also completely understandable. 02,August,2004 Ministers lift lid on UFO secrets These first steps mark important progress toward changing the culture of government and extending the public's right to know what is being done in their name... 02,August,2004 Lunatic fringe Most of us love a good conspiracy theory and this is one to put up with the best of them. Could it be that we've been duped all these years? Could it be that we were right all along to think that putting a man on the Moon was the very definition of impossibility? 02,August,2004 In Dallas, conspiracy, curiosity The intellectual, the curious and the informed aside, Dealey Plaza teemed with opportunism... Vendors sold hot dogs, slides and tabloid newspapers. One man was hawking a tape he said introduced Kennedy's "real killer." At $25, he wasn't getting much business. Another tried to sell pictures of Oswald's body on his slab after autopsy. 02,August,2004 Nevada senators seek Yucca Mountain probe These workers were removed because they were doing the right thing. Their job was to monitor the quality of the work being done at Yucca Mountain and once they came forward and identified defects with the science, they were either terminated or relocated. Apparently, these employees were used as an example -- keep your mouth shut or you'll be removed. ( via ) Restore access to information ...by volunteering incriminating information to the government under Homeland Security provisions, companies will be shielded from an inquisitive public. Officials at nuclear power plants, for example, could keep information about safety flaws from the public by providing it to the government. Never mind that an unknowing public might be at greater risk of an accident or faulty work than from terrorists. Too much information is too much power The bill also imposes sharp penalties against whistleblowers: A federal employee who releases secret information could face up to a year in prison. A spokesman for the ACLU called the House language "a disaster for the public's right to know." 02,August,2004 September 2001: This is Robo-roach Within a few years, electronically controlled insects carrying mini-cameras or other sensory devices could be used for a variety of sensitive missions - like crawling through earthquake rubble to search for victims, or slipping under doors on espionage surveillance. 02,August,2004 Atlas Shrugged 2: One Hour Later 02,August,2004 September 2001: The Terrorism Discussion For a Card Carrying Libertarian, the most important message is that the government wants to watch you downloading porn. If you let the government watch you downloading porn, you'll take the first step on a steep slippery slope that ends with you in a pod somewhere with wires in your brain, feeding the machine. For a Card Carrying Libertarian, a response to the attack is besides the point. Yes, there probably ought to be a response, but whatever it is shouldn't involve the government, because if it does (mark his words), next thing you know the government will be looking at your porn. 02,August,2004 July 2001: Science's Mything Links Humans are actually a slave race created 200,000 years ago to mine monoatomic gold that creates exotic powers for alien beings from a 10th planet, the overlords of which are now remembered by mankind as ancient Sumerian, Babylonian, Egyptian and Hebrew gods. 02,August,2004 Planet of the Jap Nuke Pop 02,August,2004 Homeland Security Watch Dogs -The Liberty Dogs This is a weblog devoted to one issue and one issue only: Monitoring the Department of Homeland Security. ( via ) 02,August,2004 Wonder if any of the vast sums of money approved for the new Department of Homeland Security are set aside for black uniforms with knee-length boots and black leather trench coats? Should be. Since weíve gone to all this trouble to create the new American Gestapo we might as well let them look the part... Vee Have Vays of Making You Dress The collection featured designs based on both the industrial and political aesthetic of the former dictatorship. On display were cloaks and knitted sweaters, all, naturally, in parade-ground brown, and often emblazoned with the regime's most famous symbol, the swastika. In a neat touch, jackets and dresses were edged with little Iron Crosses. American fans of designer tyranny will be thrilled to know that these clothes can also be found in New York, Boston, and LA. Nazi Fashion Tips One faction argued in favor of white: "The uniforms should be as white as snow!" they would exclaim. "To symbolize the pure and cleansed world that Germany will create." A second faction supported black uniforms: "As black as the death that will be visited on all enemies of the Aryan people." A third group suggested Imperial Purple, to represent the inherent nobility of all true Germans. All sheep must wear the swishtika. Just do it . 02,August,2004 ( via ) 02,August,2004 Five Thousand More ...focus on the mis-attended realities that the corporate press, and our weblogging community, are largely ignoring. With 45,000 homo-sentients dying of starvation each day and such meta-disasters as disease, malnutrition and capital-complicit carnage wreaking havoc on the rights, cultures and ability of a major portion of humanind, we have been distracted to distraction. (via watcherjohn and abuddhas memes ) 02,August,2004 Daypop is back! 02,August,2004 Did you know Post-atomic was actually two different blogs? Yes, indeed. See the Memetic Drift blog at the bottom of the right-hand column. Slower to change than the main blog, and no archiving, but nonetheless entertaining. 02,August,2004 Uh... what can I say? The Navajo weave one bad stitch into their rugs as a sign that none of us are perfect. 02,August,2004 Drivin' for Jesus Drivin' for Jesus Makin' all the lights... -George Carlin A broad coalition of religious groups is preparing a grass-roots campaign linking fuel efficiency to morality, with some ads going so far as to ask: "What Would Jesus Drive?" ( via ) The Anti-SUV President? Adding an antiterrorism theme to this movement against big SUVs and hefty pickups might persuade more Americans to think twice before putting lifestyle ahead of country. How much will Bush, the antiterrorism president, buy into it? O Lord, won't you buy me a holy roller ...by the way, how come no one's asking "What Would Allah or Buddha Drive?" 02,August,2004 Look lady, it's not a matter of "if" - it's a matter of WHEN ... ( via ) 02,August,2004 Conspiracy and prospiracy Political and occult conspiracy theories can make for good propaganda and excellent satire (vide Illuminatus! or any of half a dozen other examples). As guides to action, however, they are generally dangerously misleading... 02,August,2004 You have got to be fucking kidding me ... ( via ) 02,August,2004 ( via ) 02,August,2004 Fear factor: Conspiracy theories go mainstream It's been a banner year for conspiracy theories. Forget the old days when the panic seemed confined to crop-circle farmers and alien-friendly hippies -- today, conspiracy theories are not just for the kooky fringe. The practice of outlandish hypothesizing has gone mainstream. ( via ) 02,August,2004 ... he once removed a uterine tumor with his teeth , but that was in the Upper Offendi, and besides, the wench is dead... Don't start with the Bill Burroughs, I won't be able to stop myself. 02,August,2004 Tesla Howitzers If we can avoid the Apocalypse, the fantastic secret of Nikola Tesla can be employed to cure and elevate man, not kill him. Tesla's discovery can eventually remove every conceivable external human limitation. If we humans ourselves can elevate our consciousness to properly utilize the Tesla electromagnetics, then Nikola Tesla -- who gave us the electrical twentieth century in the first place -- may yet give us a fantastic new future more shining and glorious than all the great scientists and sages have imagined. ( via ) 02,August,2004 Conspiracy Theorists Are An Embarrasment to the Left Now I've been reading a lot of nonsense lately from the tin-foil hat conspiracy theorists, who argue that it(s) those of us who seriously doubt the late Minnesota Senator Paul Wellstone was assassinated by a right-wing cabal taking orders from the White House must disprove he was murdered. This kind of debating tactic by the conspiracy theorists is an act of desperation by some people on the left who only have innuendo and suspicion to support their baseless accusation. Shatter the Paradigm of Fear with Humor and Love Wouldnít the truth about U.F.O.ís, genetically modified foods and lifeforms, the World Trade Organization, the I.R.S., profoundly transform everything, if people really understood those issues?î Maybe, and people who are passionate about those issues, should continue their work... 02,August,2004 Holy Reformation, Batman! In about 50 years, probably fewer, the region of Palestine and Israel will look more like Nagasaki during World War II than the "Holy Land" it is purported to be. When the Palestinians have run out of eager teenaged suicide martyrs and the Israeli tanks have run out of the gas that American Sports Futility Vehicles have savagely sucked away, the U.S. Government, Inc. will be happy to step in, at no charge, and "atomically alter" the landscape. (Free "Nuke íEm!" stickers to the first 100 patriots to fly an American flag in their front yard!) 02,August,2004 Winnebagos of death ...the anonymous vehicles are hard to locate, even with sophisticated sensors. Military officials are sharply divided about how to handle them, even if they can be found - with some arguing that bombing the mobile labs could risk a catastrophic release of germ agents. 02,August,2004 The Third Rush Nazi researchers used concentration camp inmates to test a cocaine-based "wonder drug" they hoped would enhance the performance of German troops. It was hoped the drug would give soldiers almost unlimited fighting powers at a time when the German armies were in retreat. Military looks to drugs for battle readiness What's called for, according to DARPA, is a "radical approach" to achieve "continuous assisted performance" for up to seven days. This would actually involve much more than the "linear, incremental and ... limited" approaches of stimulants like caffeine and amphetamines. This 'better warrior through chemistry' field is being looked at very closely. It's part of the research going on that is very aggressive and wide open. U.S. Moves Into Bioweapon Era ...far more advanced means of enhancing performance are being studied by the U.S. Special Operations Command, the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, and other Defense Department organizations. One example is quarter-sized body "monitors" that can be implanted under the skin of a soldier's neck and used to trigger the release of chemicals for "body regulation" and the release of "rejuvenating drugs." 02,August,2004 Buzz Lightyear blows toy thief's cover Buzz is normally assigned to protect the galaxy from the threat of invasion by the Evil Emperor Zurg, the sworn enemy of the Galactic Alliance. But, this was his lunch hour. 02,August,2004 Where were all of the corpses? While political leaders bask in voter approval for destroying designated enemies, they are increasingly determined to mask the reality of warfare that causes voters to recoil. 02,August,2004 02,August,2004 U.S. ponders resumption of nuke-weapons test The administration is chipping away at the barriers to a resumption of testing. The reality is that there is no scientific nor military basis for a resumption of testing, and to do so would be an enormous strategic blunder that would invite a wave of proliferation. ( via ) 02,August,2004 New Fabric Protects Against Radiation ...potential applications range from lightweight full-body suits -- that would allow the wearer to move unencumbered in high-radiation areas -- to protective tents and radiation-proof linings for aircraft and spacecraft. ( via ) 02,August,2004 May 2001: What are those words that trigger Echelon? There are the obvious phrases like "Kill the President" which caused two schoolboys from the UK to be quizzed by special branch, "anarchy", "echelon" :-), "nuclear", "assassinate". Then there are ones that are dodgy (cause they fit in with X-file type paranoia) like "Roswell", "Waco", "World Trade Center", "Soros" - after George Soros, "Whitewater". Maybe even "post-atomic"?.... Oh my... now who could that be at this hour? 02,August,2004 Is your website being censored in China? ( via ) Starting testing... Stage one testing complete. Stage two testing complete. Testing complete for http://www.post-atomic.com Result: Reported as inaccessible in China 02,August,2004 The Monkey Man of New Delhi ...the Monkey Man taps into something resonant with Westerners - "a deep vein of interest in the ghoulish and disastrous...." Life is a risk, whether one lives in India or the United States. Western fears of cloning and genetically modified foodstuffs tap into the fear of possible genetically altered humans, the "monkey-men of our own devising." 02,August,2004 Prehistoric Cyborgs and Modern Man The mummy was discovered in a block of ice in Central Mongolia in 1995. It was in the ice within four thousand years. Some of the internals and several parts of the brain were made of unknown artificial materials. The surgical manipulation performed on the mummy was designed to create a perfect cyborg, which could carry out observations and collect data. The scientists say that during its life, the mummy could have been a cyborg, a creature made by a combination of features of a robot and a hominoid. 02,August,2004 HTTP 404 Porn Not Found If your Network Administrator has enabled it, Microsoft Windows can examine your network and automatically discover dirty pictures. If you would like Windows to try and discover them, click Detect Dirty Pictures. ( via ) 02,August,2004 House OKs Computer Security Bill Over the next five years, the act will fund new cybersecurity initiatives and train computer security experts in hopes of thwarting a future terrorist attack on vital U.S. computer systems. $903 million to fight terrorists who don't exist... not one dollar to fight spam . 02,August,2004 New Military Equipment Falls Flat ...a half-dozen members of the unit demonstrated how they would disable a suspected terrorist chemical bomb, respond to an anthrax letter and examine a World War II-era chemical shell. 02,August,2004 Hunting a Deadly Soviet Legacy ...terrorists looking for bargains could hardly do better than in the former Soviet Union. The Soviets are known to have produced tens of thousands of radioactive devices for uses ranging from medical diagnostics to military communications, and many were simply abandoned after the Soviet breakup in 1991. Some regions are so littered with such devices that published tourist guides caution travelers to watch out for them. ( via ) 02,August,2004 Germs develop a deadly defense The infection was the first of its kind in the world and a landmark defeat for doctors and public health officials in the fight against growing antibiotic resistance. It also was evidence that the Detroit area has become an incubator for resistant strains. Man Dies From Flesh Eating Bacteria ...the bacteria are more common in New Mexico than elsewhere in the United States. Doctors says they see a serious case of the bacteria once every two weeks while hospitals in other states diagnose the bacteria as infrequently as one a year. Flesh-eating bananas will have YOU for lunch This hoax takes advantage of several actual medical near-disasters that are still fresh in pop culture: the flesh eating strep virus, the brain-wrecking Mad Cow Disease, and everyone's favorite -- ebola. But like most internet hoaxes, its long on scares, and short on facts. I want to see some action on this hanta virus thing! And I want that guy tested for lyme disease! 02,August,2004 Magnetic Poles May Be About To Flip Earth's magnetic field has disappeared many times before - as a prelude to our magnetic poles flipping over, when north becomes south and vice versa. 