BlogSample 02,August,2004 Information Awareness Office: How's This for Paranoid? In IAO's Total Information Awareness System the goal is to detect, ID, classify and track potential anti-government targets through multi-agency OPs. The program is an ongoing research project designed to acquire data through advanced technological applications for surveillance. 02,August,2004 Report TIPS informants Mark the informant. In a subtle way, place the mark of the all-seeing eye on their home, vehicle or person... 02,August,2004 Volunteer snoops coming to an ISP near you? Congress has been working on legislation to create a militia composed of 'technology experts' who will manage the telecommunications infrastructure in times of national emergency... we have to wonder if the agency about to be created might find ways of exerting pressure on volunteers to 'keep an eye on things'. 02,August,2004 FEMA Preparing for Mass Destruction ...the federal agency charged with disaster preparedness, is engaged in a crash effort to prepare for multiple mass destruction attacks on U.S. cities - including the creation of sprawling temporary cities to handle millions of displaced persons. Ominously, FEMA has been given a deadline of having the cities ready to go by January 2003 ñ in about six months. A source familiar with the deadline believes the effort is related to making the U.S. prepared for counterattacks if the U.S. invades Iraq sometime next year. 02,August,2004 Operation RATS ...a nationwide program giving millions of American bigots, paranoiacs, nosy neighbors, snoops, snobs, and others a formal way to report innocent actions by others that offend them. ...a national ego-validation system that allows these workers, whose projected self-loathing make them well-positioned to judge the actions of others, to report whatever isn't done the way they would like it to be. 02,August,2004 R.U. Sirius unplugged Weíre just talking. We have this vast information matrix through which we can sort of form these temporary autonomous zones for our mental activities, but I donít see how it is going to extend beyond that. We can get people out to protest or whatever, and that has a certain amount of effect. But in terms of livingry, in terms of people going into a space together and changing the way we live and consume energy -- Iím not saying that canít happen, Iím just saying that I canít see how weíre getting there right now. Via Klint Finley, Technoccult 02,August,2004 US planning to recruit Americans as citizen spies The Bush Administration aims to recruit millions of United States citizens as domestic informants in a program likely to alarm civil liberties groups. So don't delay, contact your local FBI or FEMA representative today! Be the first on your block to join the Snitch Bitches ! And remember, 'the innocent have nothing to hide' ... 02,August,2004 Two hundred years from now, how will historians assess the early twenty-first century? They won't, because scarcely anything will be left to assess. That's right: Welcome, my friends, to the digital dark age . 02,August,2004 Palestine plans "giant suicide bomb" "Just you wait. The Israelis won't know what's hit them. We'll lure them all in here - you know promise them a big party or something. Then the entire Palestinian population will detonate themselves in a single ginormous explosion. This will guarantee the immediate destruction of Israel and creation of a Palestinian homeland - although there won't be anyone left to live in it... The plan is an absolute doozy. We can't fail." via Everlasting Blort 02,August,2004 Earth 'will expire by 2050' A study by the World Wildlife Fund, warns that the human race is plundering the planet at a pace that outstrips its capacity to support life. In a damning condemnation of Western society's high consumption levels, it adds that the extra planets (the equivalent size of Earth) will be required by the year 2050 as existing resources are exhausted. 02,August,2004 Vatican Sitting On Time Machine? The machine in question is called a "Chronovisor" and was built in the 1950s by a Benedictine monk named Father Pellegrino Ernetti. Ernetti reportedly used the "way back machine" to film Christ's crucifixion for Vatican officials. 02,August,2004 Temple treatment for psychiatric illness A six-week stay at a Hindu temple in Tamil Nadu can produce the same improvement in people with severe psychiatric disorders as a month-long course of standard drugs, say researchers in India. 02,August,2004 Strangers in a Strange World ...what propositions that you take seriously might actually have the same epistemological character as Ickeís notion that the world is secretly run by shape-shifting twelve foot long extraterrestrial lizards? None? I doubt it. We human beings are actually riddled with superstitions, biases, unexamined prejudices, and flights of fancy. Itís just that we are rarely aware of how absurd they would look if subjected to rigorous, rational scrutiny. 02,August,2004 The Hollow Earth There is really no North or South Pole. ...there are really wide openings to the hollow interior of the Earth. Flying saucers come from the hollow interior of the Earth through these polar openings. There is a large population inhabiting the inner concave surface of the Earth's crust, composing a civilization far in advance of our own... Flying saucers are only one of their many achievements. The existence of a polar opening and land beyond the Poles... is probably a top international secret. 02,August,2004 REPTILIAN SEXUAL OFFENDERS DATABASE Not all of these are victims of CIA-Reptilian emotional-mental-sexual abuse, however enough of them are to warrant the existence of a database which will specifically target those reptilian child molestors which masquerade as human beings. 02,August,2004 The "it was a mistake" fashion trend... You've got your matching shorts and cap . Now you need new sports shoes to complete your ensemble. Via NWD and Aberrant News 02,August,2004 Poll shows free speech support down Republican respondents also were more likely than Democrats or Independents to see the news media as too aggressive in seeking war information from government officials. Oh theres a big fucking surprise. Via Slashdot 02,August,2004 Interview with the Assassin I smell another Blair Witch Project. Via The Presurfer 02,August,2004 die puny humans Via Technoccult 02,August,2004 mutafukaz Nazis, NASA, moon men, radioactive rats, mutants, spooks, and guns, guns, guns! Via OpticalPoptitude 02,August,2004 How to Cook an Alien Aliens come here uninvited. They ate Elvis. They mutilate our cattle, and probe abductees by shoving probes in their rectum and performing other unspeakable acts upon unsuspecting victims. They are plentiful, more plentiful than the strained seas and land resources, and they seem to be coming in increasing numbers (if you beleive what some people are saying). They are Kosher meat. They taste good if prepared well. According to some,they mess around with the Space Shuttle, when astronauts launch sattelites. Their meat is safer than British Beef. Via Juul 02,August,2004 I suspected as much . Via Daily Rotten 02,August,2004 Beverly Hillbillies to become reality TV show 02,August,2004 Nazis in Shangri-La They make such good villains. Smart, resourceful, dedicated, disciplined ó an adversary that'll challenge our hero... and with the convenient fatal flaw of being fucking nuts. 02,August,2004 Does the Wall Street Journal really want to go on record as calling for the bombing of the New York Times? Good question . 02,August,2004 Scientists Find Schizophrenia Clue Swedish scientists have found a tiny, mysterious particle in the spinal marrow fluid which may be a new form of life and which could help explain the cause of schizophrenia. My voices tell me that there might be something to it ... Via Daily Vexation 02,August,2004 The Time Travel Fund[tm] We establish a fund in current time. You make a small contribution to the fund, and in a few hundred years that small amount grows to a very large amount. From that fund, moneys will be taken and used to retrieve you, perhaps seconds after you join, perhaps even moments before your recorded death, perhaps some other point in your lifetime. 02,August,2004 We're living in a Matrix ... possibly A Swedish philosopher at Yale University believes there is a one-in-four chance that we are living inside a computer... Via Shift 02,August,2004 Out of their minds I'm sorry Dave... the AI dream--and the resulting business opportunities--are likely to remain more in the realm of science fiction than science fact. 02,August,2004 I am a right bastard . I freely admit it. I mean, it's not as if I'm going to succeed on content alone. 02,August,2004 A Collection of End-Of-World Scenario's Some people collect postal stamps, I collect end-of-world scenario's. Via A Wolf Who Sends Flowers 02,August,2004 Moon Seen As Nuclear Waste Repository As the debate rages over using the Yucca Mountain as a burial ground for thousands of tons of radioactive material, a better site for unwanted nuclear waste holds its mute vigil in the skies above the Nevada desert: the Moon. I think I have seen this show before... 02,August,2004 Turn Yourself In and Get It Over With You have to understand: we can't be too careful about these things because we really, seriously, need to get our own way here. Uncritical, whole-hearted acceptance of authority, and support for our every little overt and covert aim, is not that much to ask. via Surfing The Apocalypse 02,August,2004 Electric force field protects tanks In tests an armoured personnel carrier survived repeated rocket attacks from grenades that would normally have destroyed it. 02,August,2004 How to Raise the Dead These same principles will work on how to heal the sick, how to cast out demons, and how to cleanse the lepers. These are the four things that Jesus specifically sent His disciples out to do... Alas, no tips on my personal favorite, beating the shit out of money changers. via The Presurfer 02,August,2004 If We Lost It All At this moment in history, New York is the kernel of Western civilization, and the nihilists who despise our culture, as unholy as they are, inch daily toward the means of unleashing biblical fury. Our city deserves bold acts to preserve it. Maybe Leidner's map is the start of something. 02,August,2004 Unity... Resolve... Uh, Freedom The American people can sleep soundly, knowing that the most popular president in U.S. history is watching everything they do and listening in on all their electronic communications, like a Big Brother. Please report any unpatriotic citizens you hear criticizing the President. via Everlasting Blort 02,August,2004 Denver International's Top Secret Underground Society ...there seems to be a lot of weird rumors and conspiracies attached to its 53 square miles above ground facility AND its Top Secret 88.5 square mile, eight level underground high-security fortification. ... the murals are pretty damn freaky for an airport . 02,August,2004 It's The End Of The World As We Know It...Again Yes, even the world, itself will one day stop spinning on its familiar axis and its property value on the open market will plummet. The question is, ìWhen?î. via Memepool 02,August,2004 I was just watching Max Headroom . Reggie the old punk says, "Remember we used to talk about there being No Future ? Well. This is it ." Too true. 02,August,2004 Geek genes may cause autism A high incidence of autism in Silicon Valley could be due to the 'computer geek' genes of its workers. The theory is that 'computer geek' men are more likely to meet partners who also carry autistic genes. via The Daily Grail 02,August,2004 Flashbacks | Hiroshima and Nagasaki The bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki, unquestionably shortened the war and halted a tide of Japanese militarism that had been rising for years. Even now, many continue to wonder, Was it necessary? via Dumbmonkey 02,August,2004 02,August,2004 Professor X The Shulgins can come across like a psychedelic version of the Osbournes ó an ambling, eccentric paterfamilias, a kid who's caught up in the family business, and a savvier, more aggressive wife who protects them from the outside world. Shulgin has some establishment leanings. He belongs to the elite, all-male Bohemian Club (Dick Cheney and George Shultz are members)... Heh heh, here Dick, put this on your tongue... 02,August,2004 Sleuths Invade Military PCs With Ease We were shocked and almost scared by how easy it was to get in... It's like coming across the Pentagon and seeing a door open with no one guarding it. 02,August,2004 Russians charge FBI agent with hacking If the Russian hackers are sentenced on the basis of information obtained by the Americans through hacking, that will imply the future ability of U.S. secret services to use illegal methods in the collection of information in Russia and other countries... 02,August,2004 The Likelihood of Extraterrestrial Democracy If paranoid, berserk, or thoroughly selfish societies last long enough to make contact with other civilizations, their foreign policies would put them out of business. 02,August,2004 Iran: Proposal Debated For Solving Prostitution The plan would create so-called "chastity houses" for destitute women where men could marry them for a few hours under Islamic law. Proponents say the plan would "eradicate social corruption" by legitimizing the sexual relations between the men and women. via The Daily Grail 02,August,2004 Kiss your privacy goodbye Give us your email address and we'll sell it on to 2000 spam merchants before you can say "privacy policy". Look forward to a mailbox filled with penis enlargers, porn passwords, pleas to launder millions of pounds through your bank account and more viruses than you ever knew existed. via Samizdata.net 02,August,2004 Atomic plans returned to Japan They show how far Japan got in trying to build nuclear weapons of its own before the United States dropped atomic bombs on Hiroshima and Nagasaki... via The Memory Hole 02,August,2004 Homeland Insecurity "Pornography!" he exclaimed. If the rise of the Internet has shown anything, it is that huge numbers of middle-class, middle-management types like to look at dirty pictures on computer screens. A good way to steal the corporate or government secrets these middle managers are privy to, would be to set up a pornographic Web site. 02,August,2004 Men arrested for watching porn film in car 02,August,2004 Liberty in Our Lifetime! We will repeal state taxes and wasteful state government programs. We will end the collaboration between state and federal law enforcement officials in enforcing unconstitutional laws. We will repeal laws outlawing drugs and guns. We will end asset forfeiture and abuses of eminent domain. We will privatize utilities and end inefficient regulations and monopolies. Then we will negotiate directly with the federal government for more autonomy. Provided of course, that the feds don't send in the ATF to burn us all alive in our state house... via Disinformation 02,August,2004 Radioactive material missing in Midwest Federal agents and teams of nuclear specialists are searching the Midwest for a mysterious shipment of radioactive material that was trucked across the Canadian border into Michigan in May, government officials say. 02,August,2004 Free pills for people living near reactors Pennsylvania officials outlined yesterday how they will distribute free potassium iodide pills to one million people who live or work near nuclear power plants to protect them from thyroid cancer in the event that radiation is released. 02,August,2004 'Roachman' doomsday attack I'm going to destroy this world. I'm going to terrorize everybody in the world by unleashing my cockroaches... via NWD 02,August,2004 Virus behind insanity ...an unknown infectious agent, and possibly other biological factors, such as "changes in diet and exposure to toxins." Growing population and urbanization allowed the infectious agent -- a virus or parasite -- to spread more rapidly in the densely populated cities... via Aberrant News 02,August,2004 New Fuel Cell Car Unveiled To the beat of a sci-fi dance track, the vehicle burst from behind a curtain of artificial fog and lasers, performed a series of tight turning and acceleration maneuvers, ascended the display ramp, and then promptly exploded in a massive fireball of hellish yellow flames. 02,August,2004 Secret Situation via The Presurfer 02,August,2004 Another pretzel, Your Fraudulence? via Dumbmonkey 02,August,2004 NEW WORDS FOR 2002 - Essential additions for the workplace vocabulary BLAMESTORMING: Sitting around in a group, discussing why a deadline was missed or a project failed, and who was responsible. SEAGULL MANAGER: A manager who flies in, makes a lot of noise, craps on everything, and then leaves. ASSMOSIS: The process by which some people seem to absorb success and advancement by kissing up to the boss rather than working hard. SALMON DAY: The experience of spending an entire day swimming up stream only to get screwed and die in the end. CUBE FARM: An office filled with cubicles. PRAIRIE DOGGING: When someone yells or drops something loudly in a cube farm, and people's heads pop up over the walls to see what's going on. MOUSE POTATO: The on-line, wired generation's answer to the couch potato. SITCOMs: Single Income, Two Children, Oppressive Mortgage. What yuppies turn into when they have children and one of them stops working to stay home with the kids. STRESS PUPPY: A person who seems to thrive on being stressed out and whiney. SWIPEOUT: An ATM or credit card that has been rendered useless because the magnetic strip is worn away from extensive use. XEROX SUBSIDY: Euphemism for swiping free photocopies from one's workplace. IRRITAINMENT: Entertainment and media spectacles that are annoying but you find yourself unable to stop watching them. The O.J. trials were a prime example. PERCUSSIVE MAINTENANCE: The fine art of whacking the crap out of an electronic device to get it to work again. ADMINISPHERE: The rarefied organizational layers beginning just above the rank and file. Decisions that fall from the adminisphere are often profoundly inappropriate or irrelevant to the problems they were designed to solve. 404: Someone who's clueless. From the World Wide Web error message "404 Not Found," meaning that the requested document could not be located. GENERICA: Features of the American landscape that are exactly the same no matter where one is, such as fast food joints, strip malls, subdivisions. OHNOSECOND: That minuscule fraction of time in which you realize that you've just made a BIG mistake. WOOFYS: Well Off Older Folks. CROP DUSTING: Surreptitiously farting while passing thru a cube farm, then enjoying the sounds of dismay and disgust; leads to PRAIRIE DOGGING 02,August,2004 Hiroshima Day: One hell of a big bang One last thing, when you hear people say, "Let's nuke 'em," "Let's nuke these people," what do you think? Oh, I wouldn't hesitate if I had the choice. I'd wipe 'em out. You're gonna kill innocent people at the same time, but we've never fought a damn war anywhere in the world where they didn't kill innocent people. If the newspapers would just cut out the shit: "You've killed so many civilians." That's their tough luck for being there. 02,August,2004 15 Things to do at Wal-Mart while your spouse/shopping partner/significant other is taking his/her sweet time: 1) Get 24 boxes of condoms & randomly put them in peoples carts when they aren't looking. 2)Set all the alarm clocks in housewares to go off at 5 minute intervals. 3) Make a trail of tomato juice on the floor to the rest rooms. 4) Walk up to an employee and tell him/her in an official tone, 'Code 3 in housewares', ... and see what happens. 5) Go to the Service Desk and ask to put a bag of M&M's on lay away. 6) Move a 'CAUTION - WET FLOOR' sign to a carpeted area. 7) Set up a tent in the camping department and tell other shoppers you'll only invite ! them in if they bring pillows from the bedding department. 8) When a clerk asks if they can help you, begin to cry and ask 'Why can't you people just leave me alone?' 9) Look right into the security camera and use it as a mirror while you pick your nose. 10) While handling guns in the hunting department ask the clerk if he knows where the anti-depressants are. 11) Dart around the store suspiciously while loudly humming the theme from 'Mission Impossible'. 12) In the auto department practice your Madonna look using different size funnels. 13) Hide in the clothing racks and when people browse through say 'PICK ME!! PICK ME!!!!' 14) When an announcement comes over the loud speaker assume the fetal position and scream "NO! NO! It's those voices again'. ....and last but not least, 15)Go into a fitting room and yell real loudly... 'Hey! We're out of toilet paper in here!' 02,August,2004 "The Hunt for Zero Point" The U.S. government confiscated secret Nazi anti-gravity technology at the end of World War II, and later may have tested it in aircraft that account for the rash of post-War UFO sightings. Some of that technology has probably made its way into the B2 stealth bomber. Some of it is probably so dangerous that it's buried away in secret government vaults. 02,August,2004 Bohemian Grove: A lodge gone black The presence of so many powerful men meeting in secret has led some critics to speculate that something more is going on here... Some claim that important public-policy decisions are being made in secret. Others point to the gatheringís bizarre opening ceremony, in which a mock human sacrifice occurs, as evidence of occult activity. Still others say that the two-week sojourn provides cover for the rich and powerful to change back into their original form, a shape-shifting reptilian species that came from another planet thousands of years ago. My money is on the reptiles... via Surfing The Apocalypse 02,August,2004 Now put down that book and back away slowly, citizen. Without the right to receive information and ideas, the protection of speech under the United States and Colorado Constitutions would be meaningless. It makes no difference that one can voice whatever view one wishes to express if others are not free to listen to these thoughts. The converse also holds true. Everyone must be permitted to discover and consider the full range of expression and ideas available in our 'marketplace of ideas.' 02,August,2004 Investigation Casts Light on the Mysterious Flying Black Triangle 02,August,2004 Romanticizing the De-Evolution of the State Anarchist devolutionists don't only ignore most of the historical and evolutionary evidence, they fail to explain how we could get there from this far away, without killing off the several hundred million people who really want to go shopping at the mall. Article by NWD 02,August,2004 Friendly fire deaths & pilots on speed "...it seems that the pilot was being inexplicably aggressive. It goes beyond fatigue or lack of experience or [being a] cowboy or trigger happy or any of the standard prosaic explanations. The simplest explanation is that the guy had eaten too much speed and was paranoid." via American Samizdat 02,August,2004 Operation Re-Information Operation Re-Information is opening up new ways of thinking about control to undermine technological, corporate, educational, and consumer solutions while conceptualizing tomorrow for the mindless masses. 02,August,2004 Cold War hysteria sparked UFO obsession British researchers, who uncovered thousands of previously secret government and military reports and investigated dozens of sightings, have concluded that flying saucers were a product of Cold War paranoia - not visitors from outer space. 02,August,2004 UFO Politics For one reason or the other, many people feel that the issue of UFOs and ET life is somewhat of a joke. In your opinion, why is this the case? While the number of people worldwide who takes this issue seriously grows every day, there are many who do not. The reason for this is simple: a government orchestrated management of the issue since the 1940ís. Propaganda, misinformation, disinformation, covert actions, subversion, disruption and misdirection were used to embargo the core truth during the Cold War. It was the view (perhaps correctly so) of the United States government that introduction of the extraterrestrial reality during this period of nuclear deterrence - mutual assured destruction (MAD) - was too risky. The Cold War is over. Itís time to move on. 02,August,2004 Reptilian queens, UFOs, a cancer cure This is a spiritual war as well as a physical one. The humans stored in cryo-stasis will have their souls (life essence) extracted and dissipated. The reptilians are led by a queen back on the moonbase. I know this sounds like sci-fi, but I was told the sci-fi stuff was created so in case this story ever gets out, no one will believe it. (Via New World Disorder ) 02,August,2004 The 13th Warrior: Abridged Script ANTONIO Shit! These guys speak another language. (to writers) What am I gonna do? WRITERS Uh, give us a minute. They huddle. VIKINGS (in Norse) blah blah blah blah blah blah blah Arab guy sure is stupid! Ha! We can make fun of him and he doesn't get it! ANTONIO Hey! Stop that! I understand you perfectly. (Via Daily Vexation ) 02,August,2004 A declaration of war against the world The entire document boils down to a four-word threat to the world: "Play ball, or else." (Via American Samizdat ) 02,August,2004 Pelted by paint, downed by debris Weaponization of space would make the debris problem much worse, and even one war in space could encase the entire planet in a shell of whizzing debris that would thereafter make space near the Earth highly hazardous for peaceful as well as military purposes. (Via Abuddhas Memes ) 02,August,2004 Fight the horde, Sing and cry, Valhalla, I am coming ... (Via Aberrant News ) 02,August,2004 Internet Explorer View Source This is just a note cast adrift on the great search engine sea, a message to those like myself, whose Windows ME System Restore has cratered some useful functions in Internet Explorer, such as View Source on the right-click menu. After a System Restore to repair some other troubles, I found that when I used the View Source command would not function, wouldn't do anything for that matter. So I searched for a fix... Search = internet explorer windows me notepad view source won't work registry ...and variations on that theme. Microsoft Support, you may as well ask your cat what the hell is wrong with your computer. They recommend that you clear your temporary internet files to fix the trouble. If that works for you, whoop-de-fucking-do. Other search results will get you message boards filled with users asking the same question, but they never get an answer that has anything to do with the price of tea in China. Here is the answer... dammit. Edit your registry by running regedit, see that the following exists, it probably does not and so you must add it. Editing your registry is tricky. So if you screw up your registry, I take NO responsibility. You may want to make a backup first. HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE |- Software |- Microsoft |- Internet Explorer |- View Source Editor |- Editor Name (Default) = C:\windows\notepad.exe Thats it. The answer comes by way of Vim Online , which is the only free vi type editor for Windows that I have ever found, complex, but useful if you need to edit cgi on a Windows desktop and don't have a shell account with vi available. Thus endeth my good deed for today. 02,August,2004 Tough Earth bug may be from Mars That is the conclusion of Russian scientists who say it would take far longer than life has existed here for the bug to evolve that ability in Earth's clement conditions. They suggest the harsher environment of Mars makes it a more likely birthplace. Water Hints At Alien Life Signs of water have been detected in distant solar systems - fuelling theories that other planets could be teeming with life. 02,August,2004 Shatner's Esperanto Film To Air on Sci Fi The Sci Fi network is taking a bold risk by airing a "cursed" film. After its release in France in 1965, the art house film experiment was lost for 30 years. In that span of time, the movie's cast and crew experienced several murders, a suicide and a kidnapping. (Via Atom Grid ) Curse of the "Incubus" In the obscure '60s art-horror film, William Shatner is terrorized by murderous sea creatures. What happened off-screen was worse. 02,August,2004 Top 10 Signs Your Neighbor is Brainwashed Latest polls indicate that nearly half of all Americans believe the First Amendment "goes too far," proving that Stepford Citizen Syndrome is now a national crisis. We have an obligation to rouse our loved ones out of their stupor. If we don't, the thugs who've stolen America will steam-roll right over us. And if you can't see that, chances are, you're brainwashed. Via Dumbmonkey 02,August,2004 So, Like, You Mean The Bermuda Triangle Isn't Real? 02,August,2004 I Fought the Future for the CIA My mission, should I choose to accept it: sit in a room full of fellow sci-fi writers and help imagine, shall we say, things that might someday go bump. But first there was a definite moment of double take, and then a scramble to confirm that this wasnít some elaborate hoax. Because, like, the CIA needs my advice on scariness? 02,August,2004 Need Biowarfare Agent? Hop Online The genome sequence of a potential biowarfare agent called Brucella is freely and publicly available to anyone with Internet access. A frightening thought, perhaps, considering terrorists certainly have Internet access. But experts say it's highly unlikely they would also have the scientific sophistication to use the information to make a weapon. 02,August,2004 Battle of the Miracles The battle between Christian deity Jesus Christ and Islamic deity Allah heated up this week as both tried to outdo each other with miracles. 02,August,2004 Paradoxical Messages Americans are being brainwashed to ask only the questions the Bushites allow and they are programmed to see everything the Bush junta does as unquestionably correct. The brainwashing has gone so far that Americans no longer see what has happened to our country. 02,August,2004 Greek net cafes face ruin In an atmosphere of darkness and a return to the middle ages, with a logic only encountered in dictatorships where the internet is seen as diabolical, the parliament has unanimously criminalised the playing of computer games, even over the internet. Via Daily Rotten 02,August,2004 Legalise all drugs worldwide, says Mowlam Drugs and terrorism are linked and are set to become more so. Legalisation of drugs would stop this connection: it would begin to solve many of the problems caused by drugs today and would isolate the terrorists. 02,August,2004 Demian5 Stripped Although the strips look much like Demian's other work, hiring Demian to work for a mainstream newspaper is like hiring David Lynch to take over Peanuts. 02,August,2004 Barrymore could have nuclear weapons "within months" The report, by the independent think tank the "Liberals Must Die Foundation", provides a detailed point by point analysis of the threat posed by Barrymore to world peace. 02,August,2004 Google News Google News is highly unusual in that it offers a news service compiled solely by computer algorithms without human intervention. Thats not unusual. Dan Rather, Tom Brokaw, and Peter Jennings, were all assembled from spare parts at Disneyland's Hall of Presidents. 02,August,2004 Maybe you told a racist joke today. Or maybe you called someone a bad name. You probably feel pretty bad. Click here to purge your sins . 02,August,2004 Buying stock in a down market... This is very unusual for me. I'm not generally inclined to pass on un-proven financial advice. But yesterday, I heard from a drug rep for Glaxo who told me that they are on the verge of launching a new herbal remedy that they think will take the market by storm. This drug sounds so promising that I want to suggest to my friends and family that they consider buying stock in the company. The drug is called "Gingko Viagra," and its function is to help you remember what the fuck you are doing. 02,August,2004 Splinternets... these stories are over a year old. I haven't found anything new since then. Even the Cato Institute has nothing more to say. Splinternets died quietly, so it seems. Why? In The Eyes Of The Justice Department, Protecting Your Own Internet Privacy Is Cause For Alarm ...one of the best ways to maximize privacy for all on todayís Internet is to allow those who choose to protect themselves from prying eyes to do so unimpeded by government. Successful blocking techniques may prove useful to others, and lessons learned may make the Internet more secure for all. Based on a Justice Department investigation, the government may have different ideas. One Internet Is Not Enough The Internet needs borders beyond which users can escape damaging political resolutions of these battles, which are rooted in the Internet's nonowned, common-property status. Conflicting legislative visions in a cyberspace populated by exhibitionists at one extreme and would-be inhabitants of gated communities on the other, reveal the basic truth that not everybody wants or needs to be connected to everybody else. Libertarian, or Just Bizarro? What if you could take all the haters and the perverts and the spammers and stick them on their own private Internet? That way, they could do whatever they want without bothering the rest of us, and we wouldn't have to spend our money or time regulating them. 02,August,2004 Philip K. Dick's Black Iron Invisible Prison As we slingshot into the 21st Century, it is becoming incredibly apparent that the governments and institutions that mold our minds have implemented a system from which we cannot escape. Are we really trapped in a prison with no doors or walls? And when did this really begin? 02,August,2004 Digital TV deadline U.S. lawmakers are working on an effort that would render standard televisions and VCRs obsolete within five years by requiring broadcasters to switch to digital, copy-protected signals. Via Daily Rotten 02,August,2004 The Color Wheel of Fascism ...today we introduce the color rose. We think it will go nicely with the glasses that Shrub will be giving out - free! - to all good Americans, who would really like cheaper oil without the messy ethical problems created by killing women and children. Via Random-Abstract 02,August,2004 Ahnenerbe: the most secret service of the third reich Ukrainian workers found strange graves at a construction in one of the towns in the south of Ukraine. Experts determined that the found graves were the vestiges of Ahnenerbeís activities. This was the most secret organization of the Third Reich. The people of the true Aryan race were its victims. Ahnenerbeís doctors believed that medical tests and experiments were supposed to eventually result in a new breed of a human being. 02,August,2004 They came from the deep ...giant squid are currently growing so fast ñ both in size and in number ñ that, in terms of total biomass, they now surpass the human race. On the face of it, this is absurd. Here is a species whose existence mankind has scarcely even noticed until now; for living examples of which scientists have spent whole careers searching in vain. How can they suddenly be occupying more of our planet than us? Via Plastic 02,August,2004 Antimatter is mass-produced Any thoughts of using antimatter to power a starship or create a weapon is still in the realm of science fiction. Making antiprotons requires 10 billion times more energy than it produces. For example, the antimatter produced each year at Cern could power a 100 watt light bulb for just 15 minutes. 02,August,2004 Right-wing governments 'increase suicide rates' Right-wing governments may sap some people's will to live and result in more suicides, conclude studies in Britain and Australia. So, all Republicans should be labeled. Like cigarettes. "The Surgeon General has concluded that listening to my right-wing rhetoric may cause you to go nuts and off yourself." 02,August,2004 Africa's deserts are in "spectacular" retreat The southern Saharan desert is in retreat, making farming viable again in what were some of the most arid parts of Africa. 02,August,2004 Snow White goes Kung Fu Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs is to be turned into a live-action martial arts movie. 02,August,2004 And now, Hitchhiker the movie Adams spent years trying to persuade Hollywood to take the project on and had become cynical about the project before he died. But now that he is conveniently dead, someone in Hollywood is inspired to finally produce The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy for the big screen. Via Shift 02,August,2004 Ozone hole to start shrinking and will close in 50 years, say scientists 02,August,2004 The Mars Gravity Biosatellite Project The rodent crew will include some pregnant mice. They will give birth in orbit, with their offspring growing and maturing entirely in Martian gravity. No one knows how altered gravity fields affect mammalian development. Are you pondering what I'm pondering ? 02,August,2004 Godzilla's Twelve Step Program Godzilla examines the bottom of his right foot, looks at the scar there from stomping cars flat. He remembers how it was to have people squish between his toes. He thinks about all of that and changes the channel. He watches twenty minutes of Mr. Ed, turns off the TV, masturbates to the images of burning cities and squashing flesh. Via MemeMachineGo! 02,August,2004 Bush planned Iraq 'regime change' A secret blueprint for US global domination reveals that President Bush and his cabinet were planning a premeditated attack on Iraq to secure 'regime change' even before he took power in 2001. It calls for, (amongst other crackpot schemes), the creation of 'US Space Forces', to dominate space. Thats right kids. The Orbit Guard wants you! 02,August,2004 Israel Occupied by Aliens There is the impression that aliens have a plan for Israel. However, no one knows the purpose of their activity. Or do they ? 02,August,2004 EU debates measures to restore democracy to Florida "We can have inspections first. We just make sure they fail; that gives us the pretext to invade." 02,August,2004 ---I get email. Oh yeah... Hello, I am a 21yo M offering a $50,000 reward to help me take my life back. If you are a Time Traveler who has the Dimensional Warp Generator #52 4350a wrist watch, the XK memo replica or similar technology I need your help. I must return my mind to my former self so that I can take back my life which has been destroyed by the evil aliens. They have done Terrible, Terrible things to me starting with nanaprobe tracers, mind-transducers that she slipped into my food, and now I am fighting and dying of CJD. I have known two others who were messed with by these same evil beings, returned to there former self, foiled their schemes and successfully taken there life's back. If you can help please email me at: ncolt@___.com LIa+0oK3dpCyLIGn34uwqal6LImj Below is the result of your feedback form. It was submitted by (cheryl17@___.net) on Saturday, September 14, 2002 at 20:04:05 --------------------------------------------------------------------------- x: 228592 --------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---That's Terrible, Terrible, with capital T's. -mutant 02,August,2004 PSYCHOTRONIC WEAPONS CAN TORTURE YOU THROUGH THE WALLS OF YOUR HOME! YOUR ABILITY TO THINK INDEPENDENTLY CAN NOW BE SNUFFED OUT WITH THE PUSH OF A BUTTON. MOST OF YOU ARE MOMENTARILY FREE, BUT YOUR FREEDOM EXISTS ONLY AS LONG AS YOU ARE NOT TARGETED BY THE WEAPONS DESCRIBED ON THIS SITE. 02,August,2004 Levi Strauss to launch jeans with 'anti-radiation' phone pockets The fashion industry entered the debate over possible health risks from mobile phones after Levi Strauss, the jeans group, unveiled a pair of trousers designed to protect wearers from handset radiation. 02,August,2004 New 'moon' found around Earth If it is determined that J002E2 is natural it will become Earth's third natural satellite. Earth's second one is called Cruithne. It was discovered in 1986 and it takes a convoluted horseshoe path around our planet as it is tossed about by the Earth's and the Moon's gravity. 02,August,2004 Don't drink don't smoke. What do you do? Must be something inside . Via Aberrant News 02,August,2004 Bush Body Count Times have changed. The Bush Body Count is no longer a parody, and many of the names have been removed. This edition examines the scandals and misdeeds of the Bush family generations, and lists the corpses they leave in their wake. 02,August,2004 The hidden yet true motivation of our global leaders If there is a coherent body organising most of the events of today, and there most certainly is, what is their motivation? And, where might all this be leading? The primary motivation behind all elite activities is the desire for control. It's the base desire to control everything. To take a vast, dynamic planet-full of people; different races, different beliefs, different lives; and render them into a single homogenised unit, under your central control. This is what truly motivates the elite. And this site has fairly strange news for a banking resource. 02,August,2004 David Cronenberg If there is a filmmaker who has accurately captured the pathological undercurrents of late 20th Century terminal life: institutionalised disaster areas, deviant sexual impulses spinning out of control and the rise of a Dark Culture, it is truly Canadian David Cronenberg. 02,August,2004 Turning Vivid Dreams Into Reality Depending on how you configure NovaDreamer (a determination made partially on the basis of how light or heavy a sleeper you are), the NovaDreamer flashes a series of red lights into your (hopefully closed) eyes, providing yet another signal that you are dreaming and can now do whatever you please in the dream. 02,August,2004 Hasan bin Sabbah and the secret order of hashishins Our modern day "assassination cults" (the FBI, the CIA, etc.) have incorporated many of the Hashishins' techniques into their methodologies. In a CIA training manual titled "A Study of Assassination", you find traces of the Assassins influence throughout. Hasan Sabbah is even mentioned in the document, which is a must read if there ever was one. 02,August,2004 Scientist Debunks 'Lone Gunman' 'The main thing is when push comes to shove, he increased the degree of confidence that the shot from the grassy knoll was real, not static. He puts it at 96.3 percent ... that's beyond a reasonable doubt. 02,August,2004 How to own a machine gun . You can be the first on your block to legally own a machine gun if you meet these federal requirements... and have about $6000 to spare. 02,August,2004 Zaius: Post Human Archive 02,August,2004 The Indie Web Manifesto The indie web, it's these thousands of websites delivering millions of pages, built up with passion, opinions and information by Net users assuming their rights as citizens. The indie web is a new type of link between people, it's a free and open space of shared knowledge where vanity has no place. 02,August,2004 How much of Blade Runner has come true? We love to look for echoes of our present in the sci-fi films of the past. A new UN report suggests 1982's rather bleak Blade Runner may be in danger of proving all too accurate. 02,August,2004 Total Web anonymity for you, and the CIA ...there is little point talking common sense to conspiracy freaks. They just know the Trilateral Commission is up to their elbows in this. 02,August,2004 Paranoia: Fear for connoisseurs 02,August,2004 Caliparanoia dreamin' ...paranoia has been replaced with something far more sinister and self-destructive -- a collective aphasia and paralysis, an unexamined sense of infallibility. 02,August,2004 If at first you don't succeed, destroy all evidence that you tried. - Steven Wright I'm cleaning out the archives again this weekend... retry, ignore, delete. 02,August,2004 Death and destruction by heavy metal The US Pentagon has come up with a sure-fire way to get rid of US nuclear waste: fire it as ammunition, whilst engaged in foreign conflicts. 02,August,2004 Intelligent machines threaten humankind Dystopia or utopia: There may be a calamitous menace hidden behind the glorious possibilities of artificial intelligence. 02,August,2004 Psych-Burn Assassination Follies Alien Mind Control 02,August,2004 Will the Hatemongers Survive? "Excuse me sir, (Flips open ID) Agent Smith, FBI Lone Nut Assassin Task Force. Are you alone sir?" (Looks around sheepishly) "Why yes, yes I am." "May I see your Lone Nut Assassin Card please?" (Carefully pats pockets) "I seem to have left it at home." "Please come with us sir..." 02,August,2004 American officer kept his silence for two years An American officer, who wished to remain anonymous, affirmed that aliens took part in a military exercise that took place in Arkansas several years ago. He goes on to describe the alien's appearance, just what you have come to expect, little dudes with big heads and big eyes. But does not mention any weaponry, so the aliens must be kung-fu motherfuckers, like Yoda, I guess. Via NWD and Daily Rotten 02,August,2004 CNN Refuses To Run Skull & Bones Broadcast Ms. Chung's TV program would probably have been a puff piece anyway, but the 11th-hour spiking of her Skull & Bones broadcast is a glaring example of the Pravda-like protection of the Establishment that is the so-called "mainstream media." Actually. Pravda is pretty fucking cool . 02,August,2004 First Commercial Moon Mission OK'd We're looking to verify Apollo and other landing sites. Verify, because there are still a few people out there who believe the Apollo program was a hoax. 02,August,2004 UFOS / Getting Back to Paranormal America was a pretty somber place in the months after Sept. 11. Nothing seemed to prove this more than the scarcity of post-attack UFO reports and other paranormal tales in the nation's media. Thats right. If you don't report your alien abduction to the press, the terrorists win. 02,August,2004 There's a rainbow in every teardrop ... Via MilkandCookies 02,August,2004 Cheap thrills on the cyber-terror beat It's fun to get caught up in the chase of disaster. Passing on official fictions seasoned with anecdotal accounts of pandemic human screw-up salted with the infrequent loquacious virus-writer or hacker eager to play the part of pitiful but sinister freak... 02,August,2004 Invisibility Cloak The photodetectors on the rear surface are used to record the intensity and color of a source of illumination behind the object. The light emitters on the front surface then generate light beams that exactly mimic the same measured intensity, color and trajectory. The result is that an observer looking at the front of the object appears to see straight through it. Via Slashdot 02,August,2004 Post-atomic gets added to the list of Webloggers who read the Daypop Top News Stories for a whole week... Then Daypop crashes, down two days now. Coincidence, or all part of a sinister plan to deprive my site of 3 page hits a day? 02,August,2004 Lights! Camera! Apocalypse! Washed-up Hollywood stars battle the antichrist and his smooth-talking liberal minions in the wacky parallel universe of "end-times" Christian movies. Via Plastic 02,August,2004 French apocalypse cult plans voyage to Venus Mr Mussy has predicted the end of the world on two other occasions this year, once in February and once in July. Having twice got his dates wrong, the guru has settled on 24 October as the definitive day when all life will cease and the earth will be invaded by flying saucers carrying "beings of light". Not only that, but the SEX will be fantastic, too! 02,August,2004 White House Seeks to Leverage 9/11Æ Brand Utilizing a seldom-used emergency power, the federal government has trademarked the eleventh of September, giving it complete power over its use in advertising and marketing efforts. Also under way is an push to trademark "God Bless the USA" along with the red, white, and blue ribbon that so often accompanies the phrase. 02,August,2004 Music companies cash in on India's UFO scare One song reportedly accuses the Face Scratcher of hatching a conspiracy to delay the monsoons while keeping its own "batteries" safe from the rains. Another says it is Pakistan's ultimate "terror" weapon to bring India to its knees. In the temple it's less dangerous Here we are now, monkey save us I feel stupid and contagious Here we are now, monkey save us --- Smells like dead monkey 02,August,2004 Strindberg and Helium Happy Halloween! 02,August,2004 The world is changing faster than our ability to measure it ìWho the hell wants to hear actors talk?î the head of Warner Bros. famously proclaimed the same year words were first spoken onscreen. Like talking pictures or the railroad before it, the Internet changes everything. If only we could understand how. 02,August,2004 Hong Kong terrorist kill the Hong Kong people Help! Hong Kong police use brain voice read / write machine Murder Hong Kong people, 100% of fact, please E-mail your dear people and the local news, 1*10 10*100 100*1000 ..... , thank my dear Internet friend. ( via ) 02,August,2004 MS defiles NYC with with killer-bee adverts No doubt it's meant to be attractive, but it strikes me as demonic enough in appearance to frighten small children. In any event, the city is far from amused and has ordered the company to remove the offending images. Creepy MSN butterfly guy identified I must admit that the resemblance is uncanny... 02,August,2004 Prostitutes Steal Secret Software from US Army Prostitutes stole a portable computer with secret software from US Army soldiers currently conducting military exercises in Poland. The computer disappeared when three programmers of the US Army invited prostitutes to dinner and to drink. 'We are the worst security risk' - sys admins confess 'Social engineering' where unauthorised people gain entry into buildings by pretending to be an employee or contractor and then gain access to a PC, stealing or damaging corporate data from inside a company, has brought the issue to the attention of sys admins. 02,August,2004 Lethal Russian Gas Is an Opiate The mysterious gas Russian forces pumped into a theater to end a hostage crisis was an opiate, a chemical related to morphine, Pentagon officials said Monday. The Bush administration, meanwhile, refused to criticize Russian special forces for using the gas, which killed 116 of the hostages as well as the hostage takers. Russian gas may be secret crowd-control weapon Weapons experts have suggested a 1950s chemical weapon called 3-quinuclidinyl benzilate, or BZ, may have been used. This causes disorientation and hallucinations and was tested by the US on servicemen in the 1960s. Affected hostages are not being allowed to leave the hospital and relatives cannot visit them, possibly to prevent blood samples being taken that would reveal the identity of the gas. The movie "Jacob's Ladder" was supposedly based on BZ experiments on unknowing soldiers, which caused them to go into a homicidal rage. In a word - bullshit. As stated above, BZ poisoning causes soldiers to regress and become apathethic, not killing machines. Pentagon: No More GI Guinea Pigs Under congressional prodding, the Defense Department in October reversed four decades of denials regarding nerve gas and other toxic material testing in the 1960s. Among its admissions: Hallucinogenic chemicals were tested on unsuspecting soldiers. A benzilic-acid derivative known to cause hallucinations and confusion was sprayed under the jungle canopy near Hilo, Hawaii, in two separate series of tests. more... 02,August,2004 Implantable Chip, On Sale Now The company is marketing the device for a variety of security applications, including: Buying. Selling. Slaying whosoever will not adore the image of the beast. 02,August,2004 'Apparently, "conspiracy stuff" is now shorthand for unspeakable truth. ( via ) 02,August,2004 We're located in the Florida Panhandle, a.k.a. the Republican Redneck Riviera. We believe we're a few of only 12 or so Democrats left in northwest Florida. After the shocking events of the 2000 Presidential election, we established the website Floridagate, now AllHatNoCattle.net , in the hope that humor would help us get through the  