 Happy Birthday Vitriol.. Another year older hey..well enjoy it. Don't do anything I wouldn't do. Pretty much leaves your options open there. *smiles* Why do hot dogs come in packs of 8, but hot dog buns only in packs of 6? *sigh* ah HA! I knew it.. your a closet Dawsons Creek fan... come to the dark side vitriol.. *mwahahhahaaa* Before you know it, i'll have you reading urlLink marvel comics, and watching urlLink Pauly Shore movies and the next urlLink Big Brother series.. *rubs hands together with much evil intention* Perhaps so. But I hardly inferred that every last member of the human race was culpable as far as the said degeneration is concerned. I simply worry for the trend. And of course there are exceptions... as there are with all things. The Shawshank Redemption is, as you say, a thinking-viewer's film, and a surprising choice for the all-time favourite movie. Speaking of candy-flicks, I would have though Star Wars would have rated up there. And don't tell anyone, but I quite enjoy Dawson's Creek, for that very reason. Their vocabulary is, for the first time on television, interesting. Like yourself, Pacey appealed to me in respectable quantities. ok ok point taken.. but give people some credit.. lets look at it like this. Named as the most popular movie of all time is urlLink Titanic as it is currently the biggest grossing movie at the box office to date. So many people look down on this movie as it was over commercilised, and its just a no thinker chick leonardo "baby face" dicaprio flick. This movie may have been the biggest grossing movie of all time, but when it comes to popularity ppl name the best movie of all time as urlLink Shawshank Redemption . A classic 'intellectual' film that has everything, a movie that is in every which way worthy of this position. So give ppl some credit please.. we arn't all cows and sheep. Oh and not all todays entertainment products are 'dumbed-down'.. i mean geez.. look at urlLink Dawsons Creek .. mighty intellectual i say, hurrah! *cracks up*. mmm pacey.. *giggle* I must say, you make a fine point. I capitulate in part to your theory in regard to such lame productions being partially for the purpose of appeasing one's partner, whether she be blonde or he a thug. And I also acknowledge the fact that many people watch movies and television to forget about their hard day's work. The only problem is, I am of the opinion that many people don't even think while they are at work. In which case, they should certainly be making up for it when they finally get home. However, there are many of us (though growing less, it seems) who watch films for the artistry of such things as direction, cinematography, acting and set design. There is nothing I love more than a grim, morbid-looking film, a pure hit for the aesthetic-dependent. Directors like David Fincher, actors like John Malkovich, and films like Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon are worthy of such praise. One does not float into such films for a no-brainer, but are often woken up by the sheer talent of those involved in its production. One of the detrimental facts of our present culture is its dependence on icons of happiness and frovility. Feeling sad? Get a hit of happy-go-lucky Coke. Feeling stupid? Go and see Legally Blonde, with the ever-so-blonde Reese Witherspoon, idolatress of the pre-pubescent generation. That should sort things out. Because if pretty little Reese can be smart and blonde (yet still stupid), so can I ! The prevalence of popstars and celebreties rather than bands or musicians has infested our airwaves. I doubt Britney Spears even knows how to read music. She is an iconic vehicle for the money-making machine that is the contemporary music industry. Therefore, in defense of my first statement, I must acknowledge, but not agree with your statement. There is nothing wrong with dumbing-down entertainment products for mass consumption after a hard day's work. But when the entire culture becomes dumbed-down, when everything you see and hear is made simple for easy digestion, it becomes crass, oversimplified and degenerative. Anxst has been buried under a snowball of pretty things and distractions. Independent thought has been smothered in bombardment from logos, images, advertisements of all kinds. We are told how to think. How to feel. How to react. And I bet pretty little Reese reacts exactly the way you expect her to. The usual tossing of the hair, poor-me syndrome followed by the notoriously easy-and-fun rise to popularity. Yay. Well.. I knew that would get you going.. perhaps i should inform you that a bulk of the audience was couples over approximatly 25. Three rows back a couple brought themselves and there three ( crying sniviling *grumble grumble* ) kids. Most of the couples where all lovey dovey.. which adds to a little theory i have that movies like this are made so guys can take there girlfriends too in order to get some brownie points. Its the same reason Arnold "heck i'm so popular i could pull of being a kindergarten teacher" Schwarzenegger movies are made, but for the reverse reason. Also when it comes down to it, a bulk of the population after working all day doesn't want to think. I don't mean that in a bad way, ppl like to turn on the idot box and watch something that doesn't make there brain hurt.. and if it has a cute guy/girl in it.. all the better. I'm one of these ppl, I do love 'intellectual' film, ones that make you think.. but sometimes I just like to watch a movie that doesn't take any concentration whats so ever.. and thats why these movies make it big. *shakes head* Christ. Legally blonde. Is this movie screaming to be canned, or what? I cannot believe that movies like that can get made, and will sell like hotcakes to popstars and little girls (and some older girls, too, by the sound of it), and a great many decent movies can't get off the ground because they are too 'intellectual', and won't sell. Your right we really need something to get conversation going, well heres somthing that will make your blood curdle.. I saw a classy film last night which couldn't get any more tacky if it tried. urlLink Legally Blonde *laugh*. I laughed my butt off in this movie, it may be tack, its not going to win any awards, but i bet it will be one of this years biggest rentals when it goes to video. Heres a highlight: 'Exercise makes endorphins. Endorphins make you happy. Happy people just don't kill their husbands. They just don't.' *snicker* I anticipate the eventual necessity for a 'best-of' page. With the most intriguing discourse from our various tete-a-tete adventures. But there is no dire need. However, it would be pleasant to herald the birth of our little project with some distinguished banter. Perhaps we require a good subject to get the chins wagging, so that there might actually be a history for our two-and-a-half fans out there to actually read. For the sake of clarity, I have also decided to darken my own speech, which should remove all confusion as to whom is speaking. Although I doubt, though, few would confuse one of my hideous diatribes for a Zenism. *chuckle* *smirk* I found this little snippet amusing, regarding Russ & Meg: It was reported in January this year that the couple had separated when Crowe chose to spend time with his cows at his Coffs Harbour farm rather than live in Los Angeles with Ryan. Smashing. Well, it seems I may have worked out how to manipulate this darned contraption after all. Excellent. Now, if only I could manage to affix my name to the underbelly of this post, I would truly be happy. Welcome to Vitriol and Jubilation , to best describe what we are about I'll use the words Vitriol wrote: 'a culmination of dark and light, glamour and morbidity. A fascinating mix of pessimism and optimism, goth and pop, hard and soft. Listen, and you shall hear the sound of two voices, speaking as one, defining the world through opposite eyes; male and female, yin and yang. ' To describe it in my words, its a place for myself and my friend to bitch at each other and have disscussions.. publically to full fill our egos *laugh* Which should be not only fun for us, but fun for others to read. The differences between us always makes our discussion interesting. We respect each others differences, but at the same time enjoy giving each other crap as well. Its all in good fun, and to keep our minds busy. Anyway enjoy! I see it is almost a month since I (or anyone else) last spoke. I shall use that discrepancy as an excuse for my excessive expression now. It is, however, all too true, from a certain point of view. I would certainly suggest that nothing prevents oneself from forming very strong friendships both at work and with lovers, but these two particular conditions make such friends of a different kind. Allow me to clarify. Although mutual affection and intimacy exists between both friends and lovers, I would expect a far more intense bond connects the latter, whereas a quite flexible arrangement befits the former. Friends can feel free to act and speak as they please around one another, and amongst a circle of such companions, whereas lovers have formed a much deeper, and therefore riskier, cohesion. Most lovers share a part of themselves that they do not share with their more common 'friends'. Indeed, lovers can be 'friends', but once their liaison begins, it becomes increasingly more difficult to sustain a 'normal' friendship, as one or both look for a deepening, or a relaxation, of the relationship depending on the circumstances. Putting one's true self to the test in such a fashion exposes one to a hurt which can also be exploited by 'normal' friends, but in a different way. Which is why becoming involved romantically with someone requires trust. Certainly, Shakespeare (and myself) makes a number of assumptions here, but I believe the presumption correct. If trusting lovers can find that special place between frienship and romance, then they have found the balance required for a lasting relationship. In business, the opposite is true. Never, ever trust anyone in business. If one thing is true of human nature, it is that money changes people. Perhaps only marginally in some cases, but for most, money is more important than friendship, or has an influence that transcends that of a mere association. In business, money is everything. Which is why employee-employer friendships are rare, and most usually treated with great care, with extra effort required to overcome the financial barrier. Friends who engage in business are similar: many a friendship would suffer due to the resentment caused by debt, or a perceived deficit in financial capacity. Friendship, therefore, is not compatible with the office, nor with affairs of love. Shakespeare is careful to say 'affairs of love', rather than simply 'love', because they are two different things. Affairs of love would encompass short-term lovers, flings, romances and those little duels of lust that the young find so appealing. In such things, friendship is more a burden than ally. It is an unloved complication. In love (I refuse to capitulate to cliche and add 'true'), however, friendship is an absolute requisite. How one can be completely devoted to another without being able to call them friend is inconceivable. Quoth the Raven: Friendship is constant in all other things Save in the office and affairs of love Much Ado About Nothing Act 2, Scene 1 William Shakespeare Another feature to look forward to. I must confess my great love of the usually abused quotation. What a fantastic opportunity to remove a statement, often quite beautiful or poignant, from its context and thrust it forward afresh, for all to observe. Thankyou, my dear. Someone asked me the other day, "when did you last cry?" Contrary to popular belief, I was far from teary-eyed after the Grand Final this year. I believe the last time I cried was when I visited my grandmother in hospital last September and realised she was going to die. It seems a worthy enough condition, if you ask me, which you did not, but others have. *smirk* I would thus pose the very same question to you. In fact, look forward to more Someone asked me the other day segments from now on. I find myself distracted by thoughts of the world around me, and if not distracted then often frustrated. I see many, many things every day that I disagree with, many others that annoy me simply with their presence. Yet, I revel in the fact that I will never find an easy way through the world, because I am so resistant and opposed to much of it. But that is what makes me who I am, and it provides me with the motivation and strength to create prose worthy of interest by a wide variety of readers. Therefore, I would not give up that conflict, as strange as it often seems to many people. Now, to preying once again on your beloved pop culture... *smirk* ...I submit to your notion of resisting the temptation to label everything 'pop' as popular culture. I agree. I suspect much of the larger population do not like Ms. Spears, nor the Spice Girls, nor Haiku. However, what they do like is what their culture forces upon them. The anti-Spears campaigner in your last post; he refused to admit any hint of admiration for the girl. And not for any source of his own distaste, perhaps, but because the reinforcement and expectation of his friend has placed upon him. This, in turn, is provided by the stereotypes and rigid structure that very lad has absorbed from the cultural influences around him. Now, I'm not saying that this is wrong. I just disagree with it on general principle. The world needs its little sheep to buy and consume and toil for the benefit of the rich and powerful. But what I do encourage is for these same people to think about what it is they worship, and why. Much of the time, such introspection might invariably inspire that individual to look at alternative forms of influence. Otherwise, they are the simple sheep bred (or allowed to be bred) to labour in the service of those who direct them, by force or culture or rules. Now to the rest of it.. how do you sleep at night? your mind must be twirling with all that going on, but i suppose this is why you write. I like what you have said. You look at these two worlds side by side and I am amazed out how you manage to keep them both in control. Well done. And now, onto defending my beloved pop culture. I don't think pop culture and conformism and sheep like nature should be put in to the same shoe. Yes it is a large occurance to with it, but its not the only thing. ok maybe it is, but not in the way your thinking.. Here is a tacky example, but lets say Britney Spears ok. If you walked up to the average person on the street and asked them if they like little britney they are going to say "Shit no, have you seen her, she is so fake, virgin my butt!" .. and why are they saying this? cos they are sheep too. If they say they like britney they are going to be cut down by there mate.. there are just as many ppl out there saying they hate pop culture for the same reason ppl are saying they like pop culture.. becuase they want to fit into what ever little mold they have made for them selves.. I mean dear Vitriol.. what would ppl say if you came out of the spice girls closest? would ppl look at your words differently? many ppl think they would The key is to be yourself and not care what other think, like what ever you like regardless of wether its harry potter and the rest of the world is on the same pop culture band wangon.. Sorry, if this doesn't make to much sense, my mind was racing and who knows where my thoughts jumped. I must say that there are few things more splendid in this world than the smell of freshly baked bread, wouldn't you agree? I find it quite divine. Punishment, you see... for your little slip-up. *smile* So in response to the haiku, in even simpler terms.. you don't know either *snicker* now see this is one the the little things that one should enjoy in the world that i spoke of before teehee I suppose you intend to scathe me for my lack of specifics in my rather vague answer to your first question? Perhaps infer that it I should look at it as something to enjoy about the world? *raises eyebrow* In response to your second point, I will say this: The world to me is a confusing place, and I am perpetually torn between the two parts of me that vie for control of my conscious perception. On the one hand, I see the world as that stinking, polluted, business-infested realm of greed, selfishness, crudity and worthlessness. A dark, grey place of morbidity and cruelty. Yet, I am also just as equally a believer in challenging and enlivening that world, that nothing is beyond any person's influence as long as they are committed to having a go. The world is full of such beauty, such wonder and fantastic things that defy description. Nature and all its unique creations, culture, friendships, football, poetry, music, clouds and thunderstorms; how can a world suffer that has these things? The answer is that both sides are true. I focus on the negative side of the world, and criticise the things that I dislike because I believe the world should be better. That if people bothered to look deeper into themselves and the fantastic gift they have been born with, that they will be better off for it. That too many people - most people - waste their lives and so many opportunities to improve not only themselves, but the world around them, because they are too weak or lazy. And that, my dear, is why I insist on challenging people. Because I believe they are better than what I think they are, or are capable of being better, improving themselves. Pop culture bothers me because it is simply easy to conform, to believe what others tell you and to aim to be what everyone else wants to be. It is the shepherd who is doing all the work. I'm not content to watch people rest on their laurels, to watch them cop out and follow the easy path simply because they can't be stuffed bothering . If more people bothered, there would be a more rewarding world out there to enjoy. I admire you optimism, Jubilation. To begin with, I shall respond to your query regarding the 'fridge magnet poetry'. Indeed, I would have thought you'd have nailed the new Haiku by now, and would be a fount of knowledge as to its purpose, meaning and place in modern society and culture. However, it is refreshing to be reminded that not everything is accepted by everyone. To be honest, I don't get Haiku either (and I make the assumption here that the plural and singular Haiku are one and the same), but being a form of limited poetry akin to pentameter, I can accept its structure and apply my own perverted psyche to it adequately enough. In 'Jube' terms, I would be saying that it's not really anything at all, just a set of rules. And all one needs to do to create Haiku is to conform to the words, even if they're jibberish. They still obey the rules, which are the Haiku. Therefore, a bunch of simple, crude words such as: Stupid little flies Bother me all the time now I hate f*cking flies are just as much Haiku as the more 'poetic' or culturally applicable version below. *blink blink* ok i'm awake.. now, am i the only person out there who doesn't really get haiku's.. i'm mean ok i've never really gone out of my way to understand them, but still. When you look at me, being the weird girl who likes tackyness, pop culture, zen, and snowglobes you'd think I'd be a big fan of the little ole haiku.. *shakes head* they just remind me of fridge magnet poetry (if you get what i mean).. you grabs some words,and you slap them together cos they sound nice. Now see.. I like fridge magnet poetry .. but haikus.. now theres ment to be all this meaning and non-randomness behind it right? I'm not saying haikus are bad, i just want you to explain it to me.. oh and vitirol explain it in an amusing way so I don't look like an idiot ok *grins* An before you fill me in, i want to say a few things about your haiku while i'm in the dark as it were. The world really is a bad place to you isn't it. I mean you like to relish in the worlds delights, you are passionate about so many things in it, but you seem to generally look at the world as a whole.. and all you see is death and evil and all that surrounds it. I think looking at the world as a whole straight up is wrong... you gotta start with the little things then look out.. then get bigger. Having discovered one of the Little People's latest crazes is actually a form of poetry, I thought I might indulge myself. My first Haiku (or whatever it's called) was thus born: Money, little death The corporate devourer Death, little money I think it sums up much of the world quite nicely. *sings* And the mouths of babes sing revolution The mouths of babes scream dissolution You can't break what's already broken From the mouths of babes comes nothing. *grumbles* Damn Collingwood supporters... don't hear a peep from them for the best part of a decade, and suddenly after one wet afternoon in which the sun shined upon them exclusively, they all weed their way out of the wood like the lice they are. *raises eyebrow* I'm not losing any sleep over this one. In fifteen rounds' time, we'll just see who's laughing. I'd also like to see a replay in the dry; where talent matters. I wouldn't get too cocky if I were you. By the way, the only reason Collingwood supporters cheer louder for the Anzac Day clash than for the Big One is because they never make it to the damn Grannie. *smirk* *zenny proceeds to sing the collingwood football club song..* ahem.. actually its ironic, i don't really care about football at all (but i respect that other people do).. but as soon as ANZAC day comes round, i just have to know who won the urlLink Collingwood vs. Essonden match.. its been burnt into me as a child that this is the only game that matters (even more so than the grand final).. and since i was a child, its "COME ON THE PIES!".. just to get up my dads nose, and ironically enough, i can also rub it up your nose too vitriol *smiles* .. with lots of flowers... yeah flowers *smiles* Ha ha ha!! That is it exactly, only in Jube terminology. *grin* The sentiment is exactly correct. People don't want to have to move, they don't want to get off their fat arses to see if there's somewhere better to go, something better to do. They just want what they've got to be the best. And they're so scared that it isn't that they are prepared to go to great lengths to ensure that they feel nice and secure about their apparently thrilling, perfect lives. That is why television tells us we're doing the right thing... to keep the flock of sheep in line, to keep the masses perpetually believing their patch is just as good as the next, when really it stinks. Of course, there are always a few brave souls who bother getting off their patch and finding a new one. Sight unseen, it could be a big clod of dirt, but at least it's something new. In time, they might grow their own grass, some really, really green stuff. now thats just sad isn't it.. *sigh* its the grass is always greener thing isnt it.. but in an mtv world like ours, no one wnats to leave the grass they have to check out the other good grass, so they just make themselves believe that the grass they have is the best, why would they want to go try that other grass.. Knowing you are who you are and how they expect you to react, a lot of people probably want to hear from you how miserable life in the city is, how you're not glad you moved, so that they can feel better about their own petty existence. If you aren't enjoying Melbourne, then where they live must be better, mustn't it? So, they pester you about what's wrong with Melbourne. A lot of people my fiancee knows pull the same stunt; they want to hear that the city is a filthy, trashy, miserable place to justify their prejudices against it. Just as a lot of people I know from the city want to know why I visit the country. Because they too have a prejudice, this time against the no-frills, grotty, uncivilised rural banality. Since my move to Melbourne, I've had alot of ppl ask me the question "So, are you glad you moved?" And this question always seems to come right after they have asked "Are you working yet?" , which I am by the way. I find it interesting, and heres my theory on it. I don't think ppl thought i would actually go through with the move. I don't think they thought i would actually go, and now that I'm here.. they are waiting for me to run back to Shepparton with my tail between my legs.. I could be wrong, but there you have it. Oh and I have no intention of going back any time soon. I like it here, I've succeeded it getting away from the small town crap that was pissing me off, and am actually out of the rut i was in and enjoying myself. Don't get me wrong, I loved shepparton, and still do. But if you have to much of something you like, you'll learn to hate it, so i got out for a while. I do believe Vitriol and myself have neglected this site, when it has a potential of greatness. I realised this when I had a conversation with Vitriol the other evening about "Mind vs. Heart" conversation. Which would have been something great to discuss on here. I think thats the trouble, so many of conversations are spontanious and there for never make it to this site. I am going to have to think about a solution to this dilema.. perhaps just posting transcripts of our conversations here might be the solution.. so to start the ball rolling.. here is the above (edited only to protect others) "Mind vs. Heart" conversation, enjoy: J: i think its funny how the brain and the rest argue.. its a funny interesting thing.. J: we are very interesting creatures.. V: Yes, yes it is. I'm not so sure it's often all that funny... perhaps in hindsight. But certainly interesting, i have not doubt. J: well not funny 'ha ha' but funny 'weird' J: i think its amazing the things ppl will tolerate, and ignore, .. and how we become blind in particular situations J: the human brain V: That is true. Although, I must admit, I never really found many of my feelings strange. I always knew what they meant, and why they were occurring. Perhaps that was why I could control them more easily. And you're right; the logic in us will often revile the very person our 'heart' adores because of how they behave or act. It seems a constant battle. J: yeah never find them strange.. but its just something i was thinking about just now.. i think its what makes ppl do things they always thought them selves never capable of.. J: i dunno.. its mind vs. heart V: A friend of mine has a theory; that there are 'head' people and there are 'heart' people. Some are somewhat in-between. Or, to be a little clearer, there are degrees and extremes of both. I, for example, would be a 'head' person, because my logical mind is dominant over my desire and passion. Passionate people, however, lose much of their ability to be logical, especially when their passion is particularly ignited. V: Hehe... I'm glad I got that in first. *smirk* J: yes i'd definatly say that i'm probably a heart person.... well swaying more on that side anyway.. but your right, it tends to be only in the moment.. i'll push away the head part and ignore it.. gets me into trouble *laugh* J: though i think i've grown from that somewhat V: To me, 'head' people often seem a little colder, harsher, and selfish than 'heart' people. Although far less self-effacing in their tendencies, and a little more honest about their true intentions, because they intrinsically (logically) -know- what they are. Heart people, I think, find themselves in trouble and in pain because they lack control over the situation, but ironically that's because they've invested far more in it. J: see i agree and dissagree.. or more to the point correct somthing on that commeny.. heart ppl (well myself anyway) know what they are too.. and in the moment we choose to either ignore the logic or go for the "oh fuck it, i'll think about it later, and just enjoy the moment" heart choise.. J: hense why heart ppl tend to be racked with guilt and worry about the effects our choices have on ourselves and other ppl V: Well that's something I've always suspected, actually. That perhaps 'head' and 'heart' people both know darn well what's going to happen, but 'head' people see themselves as being able to cooly assert themselves and make the 'right' decision, whereas 'heart' people tend to take a punt, or risk pain in order to experience the pleasure of the moment. J: yeah.. heart ppl risk more for the chance that regardless of all the logical and most probbable reason that it won't turn out for the best.. that it just might turn out just wonderful V: Yeah, but how often does that happen? That's my rationale. I reckon everyone begins as a 'heart' person, but only those who learn from their mistakes become 'head' people. *smirk* J: i think thats somtimes the case.. J: but thats makes it sound like heart ppl regret there decisions.. J: i may look back on somthing and say.. "ok maybe thay wasn't the best idea as it didn't go anywhere".. but i don't regret it.. whats done is done.. hehe... and atleast i had fun in that moment.. a head person wouldn't have had the moment at all J: head ppl need a little heart or they won't ever take chances.. J: every relationship is a risk.. "should i or shouldn't i ask for her phone number?"... shes is brilliant and beautful and amazing, and chances are wiill shoot me down.. logically she's tell me to rack off.. but what if.? V: Sometimes 'heart' people do regret their decisions. Sometimes 'head' people regret them, too. Mainly because they've been a right-old prick * . J: yeah.. *ahem* J: :) V: That's also true... 'heart' people do tend to take the bull by the horns, so to speak, more often than 'head' people, because they're willing to accept the risk to get the reward. V: Hehe... yeah, I thought you'd like that one ** . J: sorry, couldn't help it.. *** J: but that also goes back to the whole blind thing.. heart ppl tend to be the ones that become blind.. J: though in that case it wasn't blindness it was nieveity **** J: how ever you spell it J: ah well.. V: It's like anything; there are advantages and disadvantages to both. Sometimes it's better to be a 'head' person, sometimes it's better to be a 'heart' person. J: yeah and i think we do swing both ways.. V: Yep. Like I said, there's degrees. And 'heart' people will, in some circumstances act like 'head' people, and vice versa. There's no overriding rule, but I think most people 'tend' toward one or the other. J: i find that when i'm attracted to a more "head" person... i tend to go all heart.. but when its another heart person.. i'm probably more "head".. as if i go heart too it could turn out really nasty V: Well, that's right. Two 'head' people are going to be picky, methodical and cold toward one another. They'll be trying to second-guess and work out the other person's objective from day one. Two 'heart' people will abandon everything they own and desire for the chance to be together as often as possible, even if the whole thing breaks down in a few weeks. J: well i found that i think its cos with the heart ppl who fall for me.. my head goes.. what if i don't fall for you as much as you fall for me.. thats not fair on you.. i cna't hurt you.. its strange V: I know what you mean. It's as if you can see 'em coming a mile away, and think "shit, I'll have to be nice and open with this person because if I'm not, they're liable to get hurt, because they're all heart". Which might also infer that they have no trouble abandoning everything to make your life hell for a while, also. J: yeah.. J: like when partically drops there whole life to please me.. freaks me out.. that much heart is scray.. i mean geez.. be your own person please.. V: Hehe... indeed. J: *smiles* * Vitriol and I once had issues, we actually stopped talking to each other due to these issues for like two years ** but where over it now, and better friends than we ever were *** and now joke about the situation **** and use it as a reference in our dicussions hehe. Well, let's get this ball rolling, shall we? Now that I know that my posts here will be duly responded to, I find it far more encouraging to write something in the first place. All these blogs, so much pressure! I really find it hard to think of enough interesting things to say. Without, of course, referring to the work or inspiration of others. For the moment, I have little more to say than bravo to Jubilation for having brought this thing back to life, resurrecting it from its slow and unkind death over the last few months. But now that its spark has been rekindled, the onus is now on both of us to maintain it. Eh, Jube? Just to start the ball rolling, I decided to sift through some old logs and see what I could find, the below was the result. Sun Oct 20 00:26:17 2002 V: So... bitter, eh? What brought that on? You've been some other mood for months and months now. J: bitter? J: did i sound bitter in that comment.. i didn't mean too.. V: No, on your page... your mood is 'bitter'. It was something far more neutral last time. J: oh ok.. yeah i'm not bitter any more actually.. apparently it as a bit of a missunderstanding in the end that brought that mood on.. V: Okay. *raises eyebrow* J: and about it being another mood for ages and ages.. its not really acuarate you see.. i don't change it very often, because its one of the the things my mother takes note off.. so i tend to pick a happy mood for her to read hehe J: i shall change my mood now actually, thanks for pointing that out to me J: my mother will start to worry if i leave it like that for too long V: Haha... of course she will. And some of your friends. You're not, after all, a very bitter person, all in all. I'm sure if I had bitter as my mood few would be surprised, but I, for example, would expect something a little more... chipper, from your good self. J: oh for someone as chipper as myself, i'm pretty miserable alot.. heh V: Haha... I suppose that's true. J: i'm still rather bitter about alot of things, and lack faith in humanity.. all this chipperness and nice out look on life takes a shit load of effort on my part J: i have to consiously make my self happy alot of the time, which probably sounds strange.. but yeah i really work hard to fnid tghe good in things, and try to enjoy everything the best i can J: its hard work heh V: That's good. And I do know what you mean. I'm pessimistic about the world for the same reason you're optimistic about it. We both want the world to be good: you expect it to be. I don't. I'm not sure either of us is really right, and I don't think it's particularly easy for either of us to be made happy by the world, either. J: yeah.. its not that i expect it to be.. its more of a "well i'm gunna damn well make the best of it" V: Well, good call, I say. J: plus i do't think its up to anybody else or the world around me to make me happy.. J: only i can make me happy.. hense my motto "choose to be happy".. otherwise i'd jsut be miserable all the damn time J: plus i try not to expect great things.. its in the little things.. like good deeds, and snow globes, and a saxaphone playing under the concert hall down in south bank ecoing in the night throught the beautiful lights of melbourne.. J: :) V: Fair enough. I think my motto would be "choose unpredictability". That way nobody expects me to be happy, nor do they always think I'm morbid. I can just deal with things as they come, and people who don't like me can get fucked. J: good call J: i have a simialr thing with in my philosophy as well.. V: Ahh, yes. The little things. I think I expect more from the little things than the big. Big, blustery events don't get my attention. It's the subtle, slight things that attract my attention. J: its not about other ppl, its about our selves.. V: Uhuh. Besides, I don't give a stuff about many other people anyway, *grin* so it fits well with my self-absorbed existence. J: yeah iits all in the little things i think.. you gotta stop and notice things once in a while.. be like a child and remember to look up.. adults do'nt look up.. we forget too.. J: children are the first ones in a theatre show to notice the dome ops way above them.. they point and point till fnially the adults look to see what they are pointing at J: i always try and remember to look up when ever i'm in a new place now.. V: *laughs* That's cute. It must also be satisfying knowing that somebody appreciates what you do, too. Without, that is, just looking at the program and going "oh, yeah. The techs. Good work." J: well i dunno.. i also like the idea that well we are doing a good job if they don't know we are there at all, as its all part of the magic.. J: your not ment to think about us or know we are there.. as thats all part of the point.. J: but every time a kid notices, i always smile.. its just nice V: I suppose that's true. It's one of those 'only a good job -if- nobody notices' sort of things, yeah? J: yeah thats the one Well lookie here, look what is working again. Finally a working vitriol and jubilation, shock horror. Hopefully interesting a witty conversations to follow. My dear Zenny.tech, I have acquired the following possibilities for our catching up to watch The Chronicles of Riddick : on the 29th of August, the mighty Bombers will play the not-so-mighty Bulldogs during the day. That means that I can hang around until you finish work and we can catch whatever session, wherever, and go from there. However, it did also occur to me that you may have meant Saturday night. If this is the case, then our options expand, significantly. For example, tomorrow night Essendon play the very-mighty Port Adelaide, and though the game won't finish until about 11pm, I presume you won't finish work until then anyway. If this happens to be convenient, let me know ASAP so that I can change my schedule. Otherwise, on the 7th, Essendon play Carlton during the day, which makes a night flick a pretty good option. I might have to kill some time in the city but hey, that's really not so bad. On the 21st, the Bombers play Sydney, in Sydney, which makes the weekend entirely mine. Unfortunately, it will also mean I will need to commute both ways, which stings the pocket somewhat. It can be arranged, but I'd need to know in advance to save my pennies. Feel free to let me know which one suits you best, and we'll go from there. V. With the aformentioned title affronting the latest Herald-Sun movie review, I was inclined to think it might receive a bad score. Although not entirely flattering, the reviewer, Leigh Paatsch, admits that although it's not indie, arthouse or anything remotely tasteful, there is a lot to like about The Chronicles of Riddick . I must admit, my favourite line of his review was "His Armie-esque line delivery might well make him sound like someone who enjoys telling young children that their favourite pet has just died - but it fits the bill here." What's not to like! The main difference between a film like this and, say, Troy is that the latter is based on a brilliant literary masterpiece, and so when it degrades itself by presenting barely B-grade schlock, it comes off as a disappointment. I never thought a sequel to Pitch Black would be anything but, so I can go in knowing what to expect. Perhaps the best news: "Some five years down the track, Riddick still has a knack for getting stranded on far-flung and forbidding (sic) planets, but no longer has to carry around that deadweight entourage of intergalactic castaways." All right! Now we don't have to satisfy every demographic; just the Vin Diesel demographic. I'm lookin' forward to it. From The Chronicles of Vitriol and Jubilation at vitrioljubilation.blogspot.com With the aformentioned title affronting the latest Herald-Sun movie review, I was inclined to think it might receive a bad score. Although not entirely flattering, the reviewer, Leigh Paatsch, admits that although it's not indie, arthouse or anything remotely tasteful, there is a lot to like about The Chronicles of Riddick . I must admit, my favourite line of his review was "His Armie-esque line delivery might well make him sound like someone who enjoys telling young children that their favourite pet has just died - but it fits the bill here." What's not to like! The main difference between a film like this and, say, Troy is that the latter is based on a brilliant literary masterpiece, and so when it degrades itself by presenting barely B-grade schlock, it comes off as a disappointment. I never thought a sequel to Pitch Black would be anything but, so I can go in knowing what to expect. Perhaps the best news: "Some five years down the track, Riddick still has a knack for getting stranded on far-flung and forbidding (sic) planets, but no longer has to carry around that deadweight entourage of intergalactic castaways." All right! Now we don't have to satisfy every demographic; just the Vin Diesel demographic. I'm lookin' forward to it. If John Howard is still Prime Minister after the next election, I'm boycotting this country until he isn't. As soon as I have enough money to live somewhere else, I will. The guy is just fucking everything up. In fact, ditto for a Cabinet that includes Downer and Ruddock as well. I don't have the time or the energy to go into it - and I can't find a tie-in with Britney Spears, so Zenny won't read it anyway - but there is something very, very wrong about the Federal Government at the moment. Very wrong indeed. Not that Labour's a great deal better, but they have to be better than a Howard Government. It might be a Green vote this year. Show 130 this afternoon. When all this is over, I'm going to become a florist. Perhaps a busker with my unicycle. I'll learn to fire twirl at the same time, and travel europe. Go to Paris and just curise around. Perhaps I'll stay here and and get a day job. Have real weekends. Go the pub, drink and go bowling. Beer and skittles. Yeah. Well, I killed one of my favourite characters today. Dead. And unlike others I won't mention, he won't be resurrected by any greater power, or by his own hand. So it's a bit of a shame, really. But, he does take his dignity with him, and spills a lot of blood on the way. In fact, the whole chapter's about blood; it's everywhere, and there's more to come. It is a strange feeling finally saying goodbye to a quality character. Especially one with such uncompromising principles, one who has few contradictions and has lived his life as an exemplar for all he stands for. Other characters won't be so hard to say goodbye to, because they're flawed. And though he has his flaws, he does what he says, and says what he means. So having really done nothing wrong, he still suffers. And that's the tragedy. But, tragedy is great, and so die he shall. My good man, Once again you have, with the most direct appraisal, managed to lift my own spirits with your words of admiration and insight. Indeed, having had Shakespeare high on my own Mantle of Idolatry, I understand completely your admiration of the man. I must admit, even I was not aware that he had completed many of his 'great' works at such a tender age. It leaves one wondering what tremendous fortitude and perception of mind possessed young Shakespeare in his early days. Indeed, your own assessment of his virtues seems all the more remarkable as you indicate not having done a great deal of reading on the matter. Most come to admire Shakespeare through his works rather than his life. I suspect you have a great deal of admiring yet to do, my friend, if your respect for his talent is akin to my own. He, ultimately, is the soul whose talent inspires me the most, and I must acknowledge my granting him more esteem than even the great J.R.R. Tolkien, for though the latter was surely a great creator, there are no parallels to Shakespeare anywhere in the world. Consider that he has managed with the English language something that no speaker of either our, or any other language has mastered before; the use of almost all its forms. Prose, poetry, beat and time, syllable rhythm, allusion, allegory, abstraction... he is a master of them all. It is all the more bewildering to understand how he could have, even within an entire lifetime, come to understand and utilise such a vast array of wonderous linguistic tools with such skill. I found myself once again feeling the utmost empathy for your plight of ambition versus realistic appraisal. It has been a subject of almost limitless study in the spare moments I find myself meditating on the complexities of life, and though I have devoted hours upon hours to the thought, I am really no closer to finding an answer. I can only suggest that there needs to be an appropriate measure of two things to succeed: ambition and temperance. I think that there is no harm in having vast aspirations, and this is a healthy state, provided it is measured with a temperate perspective. In choosing the term 'temperance', I am alluding to several things. Some modesty of potential and talent, obviously, but also a keen and self-assessing forethought that contemplates carefully what are the realistic boundaries in the world, not of what individuals or even insitutions set as limits, but what are the real limits. Within these, somewhere, is the answer. I often find myself swept up with wild ideas of challenging many notions in my chosen field; literature. I pursue that goal with fervour, and believe myself possessed of great knowledge in that field, for someone of my age. Yet, for every flight of fancy, for every thought that the world is simple, that with the right 'stuff' anything can be achieved, I must steady myself with the reality that it might not. That any endeavour, even if my thoughts of boundaries are realistic and my belief in my own potential is true, I must still work very hard for what I look to achieve, and I must temper my own ambition and talent with some view of the realistic world around me. At some time - and this will break my heart - I will have to compromise with an editor, a publisher or an agent. I might sacrifice a character, a chapter, a perfect phrase, because it is too complex, unnecessary, or simply not intriguing enough to the average reader to justify its place in the die-hard, cut-throat market that is publishing. Just as most artistic markets, including music, film and the tactile arts are just as severe and daunting. As much as I know literature, and as masterful as my work might be, at the end of the day, if it does not sell... what is the use of its quality? Of course, no matter the consequence I will still be content with my work, and this is the sole fact that keeps me positive during my questioning self-absorbtion, but there is an audience out there I must satisfy. And unfortunately, those with the cash aren't necessarily those with the stamina to work through a masterpiece. Let's face it, most people in the modern world don't understand Shakespeare. They know who he is, that he is a master and most will have 'studied' him at school at some stage. But few understand his work. This is primarily because of the language barriers a few hundred years will provide, but nevertheless the complexity of his work seems to strain the mental facilities of many modern readers. Why pick up a book and slog through an archaic dialect when you can flick a button and watch half an hour of Big Brother Uncut instead? And that is what motivates me; to create something that is challenging, but accessible. I don't pretend to want to be the next Shakespeare or Tolkien, mainly because I would hope my own work would stand alone, in its own unique way. But I think the essence of achievement is to be inspired, to look at the Shakespeares and Tolkiens and Satrianis and Hendrixs and Hirds and Corgans and Nietzsches of the world and say "that person motivates me", or "I am putting my hand up to be admired as they are admired by me", because that is the ultimate reward for such endeavours. But temperance and ambition must go hand in hand, I think. Always look to the heavens, but be careful not to trip for a lack of looking where you're going. They stumble, who haste too fast [Romeo and Juliet]. I am constantly amazed at how simple some 'complex' things in the world actually are, and how complex some 'simple' things turn out to be. But to compare one's self to a Shakespeare or an Einstein is to compare one's self with the greatest that humanity has had to provide. This is where some temperance is required, to realise that not all achievers are prodigies, and not all prodigies are achievers. Pace yourself, my friend, think carefully and with wisdom in what you do, and the rewards you seek shall be yours. I have seen you develop your musical talent with what I would consider amazing speed and dedication. Nor did it occur in a vacuum; it took shape around a healthy social life and University studies. But be careful not to assume too much knowledge, or neglect ideas that might conflict with those you already have. Nobody can see all ends, or the shape of all things, no matter their study or intelligence. This is a lesson I have myself spent an inordinately long time learning. There are many lessons yet to be learned, by each and every one of us. There are some that require more learning than others [refer previous posts on 'disciplinary solutions'], in matters that may not be artistic or academic. But I would suggest that with a good seventy-odd years to go, you don't need to start cramming yet. Temperance, my friend, temperance. Extremity is a short-term ally indeed; it never, ever lasts the distance. With respect in kind, Vitriol I awoke this day, as every other day, listening to the classical station on my FM radio. It is, without a doubt currently the only way I am exposed to any culture in our world. Where I used to fill my mind with the views, images and ideas of the television, I now have replaced that medium&nbsp;with insightful commentaries and discussions from prestigious individuals from around the world. The topics range from mainly music - since it is a classical and operatic radio station - through to&nbsp; extrapolating about the thoughts, feelings and motivations behind the pieces creation. This is the side that I am mostly interested in. Since I find it remarkably dull (partly due to my own laziness) to head to the library and dig up a book on the legendary figures that have, and are, shaping our world, this serves me as an adequate portion of culture that I may digest at my leisure. &nbsp; This morning I was awoken to a discussion about William Shakespeare. Having aspirations of my own to someday become a great writer the discussion immediately piqued my interest. From my bed where I silenced my mongrel of&nbsp;a dog with a sharp rebuke and pricked up my ears to hear what was being said in the conversation. &nbsp; The discussion began with the shows host, an aged woman whose name I can never remember -&nbsp;even though she states it quite consistently at particular parts of the day - and a director currently working with the Bill Shakespeare theatre and operatic company. &nbsp; The Host began by questioning whether and if so, how much, influence did Shakespeares personal experiences with life have in his writing?&nbsp;Just to note,&nbsp;this is not an essay about this exact topic as it is mostly concerned with Shakespeare. I only included it to be informative and set the scene. Firstly, here is some info on the prodigious man himself: &nbsp; Shakespeare was married at an early age to a woman eight years his elder: Anne Hathaway. By the time he was 21 he had already completely some of the greatest stories/poetry of his day, that continued to last until the very contemporary era we now reside in. He was remarked to have unimaginable vision into the motivations and behaviours of humans - perhaps the makings of a great psychologist - and so exploited his awareness in his stories. Now the discussion wasn't about the ins and outs of his life, but these particular points were brought up and I wished to highlight them here.&nbsp; &nbsp; What I was fascinated with was that at such an early age, he possessed such amazing skill. He was an artist with words and so painted a picture in your mind with his vivid vocabulary, articulate artistry, and the rudimentary romantic exploitations of his experience with, and understanding of, human behaviour. &nbsp; Until this very morning, I did not realise that this man was to be a new idol for me. Placed upon the pedistool that already contains the world-renowned Joe Satriani and Jimi Hendrix, J.R.R Tolkien shall now sit William Shakespeare. That mantle is not easily given in my books, but there are several good reasons and they shall be extrapolate below. &nbsp; Firstly, the man understood people. Being someone who is interested - and sometimes even obsessed - with the reasons and workings of humans myself, I find that perhaps I have someone here I can learn from and be influenced by. Of course I will not take his words in the medical context but more as a useful guide to facilitate my imagination when it comes to writing and manipulating humans in my stories. This leads me to my second reason. &nbsp; We are both writers. Well, I shall humble myself and say that Shakespeare was a legendary writer and I his boot-shine. The mans very spittle would turn to gold before it struck the cobblestone roads of 15th century England. I embellish about his fortunes here in the contemporary era but I don't think life was as peachy in Shakespeares time. No matter. This man experienced and understood two aspects of my life that give me great joy, exuberance and purpose; writing and psychology. Had Shakespeare played the lute he would probably be numero uno on my life of worthy people to admire.&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; Thinking about&nbsp;Shakespeare led me into another&nbsp;stream of pondering.&nbsp;I am amazed at the early age upon which the legendary in our world seem to be unleashed. Einstein at 28 conceived the theory of relativity; Shakespeare at 21 had the hearts of people in their throats with his intricate writing style, combining poetry timing and format with a plethora of humanistic behaviours and motivations to perpetuate his imaginative tales. &nbsp; This led to think about myself and my aims at being recognised in the world, at making my own renown, something that I have spoken about for some time now... &nbsp; I suppose I have always been ambitious. I don't aim to compete through conscious reasoning, but my heart tends to adrenalise a drive in me when it comes to such competition. It is not just in proving my superiority, but also in wishing for and achieving success&nbsp;does this drive become highly noticeable. I bring this up because I feel my heart has more ambition than my mind does skill. When I look to these legendary figures my ambition begins to soar; seeing a peak that it instantly wishes to climb; accepting the&nbsp;challenge of the gauntlet thrown at my feet. But I am dreaming. I&nbsp;have realised that to go out every day and seek to become legendary is absurd. &nbsp; A legend is like an anomaly in that it is rare and product of many different systems interacting and coexisting together at that very moment. A minute shift in the balance and it is no more. It is a whisper on a mountain peak, that if a wind blows too strong it is gone and its chance at being heard is lost forever. The world is my mountain peak, and I feel I am the whisper in the wind. These, I guess youd could call them insights, do not give me much comfort. Though my mind realises they are probably very true and indeed likely, my heart cannot give up the glory of such legendary ambitions. To place it in perspective, it is the Atlas of ambitions, so strong it could support the world upon its shoulders, as the great god himself was believed to. How can I sequester such power? My mind must be a shadow in its strength if I am driven by such very basic instincts. I am so very young. I think here is where wisdom teaches you that being aware of a problem and understanding it are very different to living with its understandings and the knowledge that accompanies it. &nbsp; So quickly did this letter change from being about reverence to one of self-contemplation. Perhaps it is important to question the very difficulties and disagreements in our lives at the moment whence they arose, lest they be forgotten and ignored so to with the lesson they accompany. I feel there are many lessons to go and I am behind in my class. Time to do some cramming. &nbsp; Respectfully yours, &nbsp; DisSenter Without attempting to make this a bigger issue than it already seems to have become, I shall respond to what I see as a couple of particularly obvious contradictions in the previous post. Once again, these are not an effort to make this a bone of contention, I must merely raise these points for the sake of posterity. I will no longer be advocating an abandonment of said statement, for if it has its place, then it has its place. As previously stated, I can only comment on what I see or hear. In regard to intent , I would repeat that my previous point was about purpose, not intent. I took no offense from the 'cheers moment' nor from its particular use, for as you rightly say, it is part of your 'repertoire'. I was, however, looking at the reason for its use in the first place, and its actual purpose, not the particular intent of any given example. I will not demean myself by engaging in the 'parallel' between said statement and anything said during sex. The two are as unlike as spitting and taking a piss, so I cannot see where the point is served. As for excitement, I will concur that at times stupid things are said. I will not pretend that I haven't said stupid things, and certainly wouldn't even dream of considering that Soz, for example, hasn't said his fair share either. The difference, I might point out, is that said stupidities are not repeated after the fact. At least, not by the originator of the comment. That would be acting as a glutton for punishment. So again, I'm not sure how this draws into the discussion. As for the ever-intriguing Leo Mu Bai, I would heartily concur that he makes a mockery of speech in all its forms, and is as crude as... well, anything else you could think of. The difference, however, is that his statements are, more often than not, amusing. Leo says 'spanktacular', and a carload bursts out laughing. At least that satisfies criteria #1. The point about crudity is not the issue, either. I am regularly crude and uncouth in my speech; and not because I don't have to be. I have an admirable repertoire of my own, of perfectly sound linguistic and grammatical statements that are appropriate for any occasion. But do I see the sense in returning to 'the pretentious speaking habits o f15th-Century aristocracy'? Fuck no. There is a difference. Now, of all the guff that came before, I believe the last point has the most merit. I think you could have justified its use simply by saying 'my brother inspired me with its use, and I found it a good conversation starter'. That's about all it is, but it would have satisfied me. I'm not sure there's really a point to the arguments laid out prior to that. Now, as a conclusion, I'll say that in regard to this pet statement, I don't really care whether you use it or not. I don't like it; fine. As long as you do, continue to use it. However, the slightly more disturbing aspect of your response was its touch of bitterness. I would suggest that there is a distinct difference between positive criticism and 'criticism'. My intention was to outline something I thought you could improve. That should not be an indictment on me, and I would suggest that you could use some like suggestions from time to time. I outlined in a rational fashion the reasons for my having brought the issue up, and I'm not sure that there was much in the way of positive response, except for the one paragraph that mattered; the origin of your statement. For someone who prides themselves in structured and logical responses to argument, I think you may have allowed yourself a little too much digression from the subject. Again, and this is important; I say these things not because I want to irritate or condemn you, but only because I look forward to positive discussion, and analysis of complementary ideas. I would ask you to think carefully about the intent of statements before assuming they are detrimental. My last two posts have had one primary goal: to bring to light something I felt might help you improve your respectability. Yes, the statement might be an icebreaker. Yes, some people might find it amusing. But from where I sit, it might also alienate or distance some people from your otherwise jovial and good-natured banter. From my perspective, it jarrs with your persona, and as I said before, your usual wit and intellect. That is the point; I wouldn't want to see that tarnished. But, that said, it is your right to say what the hell you like, and I certainly won't stop you. All I wanted to do was to show it from another perspective. That done, I shall withdraw. P.S. Having taken some of your own good advice, I have changed 'djinn' to 'ujinn' [ujinni; ujinaen]. I was tempted to go with Gjinn, but the 'g' really wants to be a back-of-the-mouth consonant, which grates with its intended flow. The 'u' adds another syllable, but I can deal with that. Its not that I even give a toss what anyone thinks about my use of the term, Cheers big-ears, pap smears and engineers, but something has to be said about the rebuke concerning the terms intent. Simply put: there&nbsp;was no intent, apart from it being something said during a cheers moment. An expression, see also: to express, in the English Dictionary. &nbsp; This is but one of many examples of situations where a term has been heard or conceived and found some personality of its own amidst the speaker. There are many examples where this takes place and is usually found to be charming or part of the persons character. In other cases, the term can occur because of an explosive outburst for reason of hilarity, excitement or for the sake of being ridiculous. The difference between the casual hybrid word and the term that is used constantly in recurring situations is subjective and dependent upon the speaker. I think the use of my term metamorphosed from one, into another form, of term intent. Before I begin the explanation of how the term arose and its personal significance I shall provide some examples about how and why these strange term amalgams come about. &nbsp; Sometimes in life we are so excited we cannot help but blurt out something stupid. For example, when that sexy girl we have been eyeing off for ages confronts us, always hoping to talk to her but never getting the chance. One day, strutting up to you she grabs you balls and says, Lets fuck! and all you can do, apart from drool on her tits is say, DuuhhoohOkaybefore she drags your sorry carcass to the bedding room. &nbsp; Okay, thats a little rich and probably an unrealistic example. Lets just say she comes up to simply talk to you. The first thing that happens is you go numb, forget yours and her name, get sweaty palms and can think of nothing to say. Even the simplest reply of Hello eludes your mind. Instead you probably say something completely fucking stupid, making yourself look like a bigger dick than you already are. Youre drowning without a life jacket, my pedigree chum. Excitement can sometimes cloud your better judgement for word choice. This is not a reason to use the said term, just an explanation as to how it came about: from sheer spontaneity. &nbsp; Yet another example of saying something stupid at a usually serious situation is during sex. What did the term Im coming! get coined from? Does it imply the man/woman is actually arriving or departing a said location or rejoin elsewhere? Of course not! The guy/girl is blowing their load, so to speak  hows that for style and grace, B? The statement is completely stupid and explains nothing that needs explaining. If youre excreting vaginal fluid or semen your partner will see, no need to shout about it. In fact, some of the most stupid statements have been spoken during or about sex. Do they need a reason? Of course not, its an expression. &nbsp; If we are looking for some more examples of ridiculous sayings we need look no further than to our own Chewwy. Leo Mu Bi, master of the green desktop, has many strange sayings without much clear point or meaning. Some examples include, spanktacular, fucktacular, cockspank, fuckeyed, etc, etc and their derivatives. These sayings can be seen as offensive or ridiculous, but we tolerate them because Leo is cool, and these outbursts generally offer amusement for those present. They dont mean anything half they time; they are just something that comes out when Leo is excited. If they occur frequently they becomes catch phrases for the said individual. At this point they move into the realm of being a characteristic or particular feature by which we recognise an individual. &nbsp; As can be seen, ridiculous sayings occur in normal, everyday life. They can occur because of exciting or nerve racking, humorous and even ridiculous situations presenting themselves, at which the lack of sensible thought generally overrides the logically sound, articulate and appropriate response. In this light we can imply that strange sayings do not always require a reason to occur or recur. They are just some individuals way of expressing themselves. They werent intended (in some cases) to be humorous or to offend or even rhyme, but if they do we take them as doubly rewarding when we hear them. They make us tear up and howl with laughter over their strange, yet appealing nature. Why should we silence such unabashed expressions? Should we all return to the pretentious speaking habits of the 15th century aristocracy? I think not. We have reached a level in the English language where slang and hybrid words are becoming increasingly tolerated. Personally, I am aware of the undertones of allowing such activity, but the individual(s) in question here are not out to challenge the English language. &nbsp; Now, it is time to explain my use of the term in question. I acquired it many years ago  about 5 or more now  from my brother, Zoran. Initially it was used as an icebreaker between people. Every time it was uttered it would provide an enquiry such as, What?! Doing so gave me free entry to openly discuss with those who may have, until such time, remained isolated and quietly free of conversation during the course of the gathering. There isnt a time I can remember when I used the term and didnt get a smile or recognition for it. In this light, it seems my ridiculous and mildly offensive term was gaining me esteemed social renown and recognisable and well-needed attention among potential new-friends. Why then would I cease its application? I wouldnt. &nbsp; In time, the word just became the norm. I grew comfortable with its use and I was highly aware of its people pulling powers. It is more likely that the strange and the weird that gathers our attention in this world, not the straight, narrow and direct. Also, I believe when you use something for so long it begins to form a part of your personality. The term as I mentioned earlier, has been in my repertoire for so long that it wouldnt be a night out  to me  if I didnt use it. In the end, it makes me happy, draws a smile from people rather than a greaser and thats good enough of a reason to me for continuing its use. Those that have further problems with the term can refer to my toll free complaints line: 1800-How-Does-Fuck-Off-Sound. &nbsp; Cheers, &nbsp; *G* The time has come, I'm afraid, to bring to light an issue of style. I can no longer allow this travesty of tawdryness to continue. The issue has existed for some time, and my subtle and underhanded attempts to bring it to light have failed. Therefore, I now deem it time for more significant action, after which the user(s) of such phrases will be well-aware of my feelings on the matter, and can act as they deem appropriate. The point at issue is as follows: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Cheers Big-ears, Papsmears and Engineers... Now, to the casual observer, this might seem like some simple, blokey pub-inspired colloquialism with very little or no particular meaning. However, I must bring to light a certain few questions I have regarding it, and the first of these is purpose. What the hell is it's purpose? As I shake my head, I have to presume it has none, in which case it seems to me a gross waste of time to bother memorising, much less to repeat every time the glasses go a-tinkling. Or , it could have one of three possible purposes: 1. To be funny 2. To be offensive, or 3. To be clever. In response to the first, I doubt most people who hear this statement made would immediately laugh, unless they were so inebriated that pretty much any nonsensical schlock or verbal defecation would send them into peals of laughter anyway, which is more an indictment on the statement than a benefit. I have to conclude that it is, quite simply, not even remotely amusing. So let's move on to the second point. If the statement is meant to be offensive, then I'm not sure on what basis it makes its effort. It contains a pretty lame put-down, a medical term and a common profession, which don't really add up to me as the sort of thing to put anyone out. Though, I will say that if any of the three points above are to apply, this is the one. For fuck's sake, a vaginal examination testing for cancer is not the sort of thing I want to be thinking about as I'm downing some amber fluid, or any kind of ingestion, to be precise. It's tacky, lame and lacks any class whatsoever. I can only shrug and wonder if that - against any logical reason I might be able to summon - is actually its point after all. The third point is cleverness. Now, its content is outlined in the previous point, and there's nothing clever about that. The only single merit to its name is that it rhymes. It rhymes. Wow. My three-year-old niece can rhyme, and she can't even talk properly. Rhyme is not clever. It is boring , simplistic crap for children (with a very few particularly clever examples, but this is not one of them). After all, why not invent something just as moronic as 'Damn! Ten grams, mammograms and Amsterdam'. Exactly the same sequence, rhyme and pointless content, but just as meaningless, just as schlock, just as retarded. Now, don't get me wrong; I'm not sure where this one was picked up, and my purpose here was to slam the saying , not the user(s) of the saying, who may not be aware of how stupid it sounds from a third-party-perspective. I would say the individuals involved are being henceforth alerted of this crime against their style because I would have thought such a crudity well below their otherwise impressive intelligence and wit. But, now that my rather excessive diatribe is finished, the ball is now out there to be abandoned or played as appropriate. Perhaps I've missed the point; but I can only comment on what I see. And it wouldn't be Vitriolic if it wasn't harsh. P.S. Whopping heft, eh? Damn! Ten gr... wait... Wamma Jamma! Sounds like it the night could have been alternatively entitled "Preview to Heaven, as Burke envisions the place". Now, on the subject of Wamma Jamma, that term is actually warming on me. I propose a new toast; sight some heft, raise a glass and state 'Wamma Jamma!' Preferably without drawing the attention of said heft, hehe. Last night a group of us went to Pugg Mahones in Carlton. The crowd consisted of various social groups intermingling, including Soz and I, Leo Mu Bi, Big Leo (named accordingly), Shawn, John, Zenny and Co., and an internet friend of mine, Jen. &nbsp; The scene started off with some whopping heft being flung before my eyes.&nbsp;Girl after girl&nbsp;seemed to&nbsp;wear less clothing, revealing tantalizingly more&nbsp;cleavage than the last. Notably and probably most memorable was "red-shirt girl", who had a massive rack on her. Burke, you would have been proud to perve this set of wamma-jamma knockers. Hell, they were so good I invented a new word: Wamma-Jamma. &nbsp; Also, worth mentioning was the girl sitting behind my stool. Brown top, dark hair and eyes and a nice rack also. All in all, apart from the whiplash from looking every which way but loose at the gargantuan tits about the place, much drinking, humour and rejoicing was&nbsp;shared. &nbsp; Now that the important facts have been stated, lets get on to what took place, shall we? &nbsp; As we arrived (Soz. Leo B&nbsp;and I) we found Shawn, Leo F and John looking a little shaky upstairs at the bar. Finding a little nook under the stairs, we began the rounds of drinking. Slowly but surely the boys pumped drink after drink into Soz. Surely, after an hour the corner-booth's table was covered with empty tumblers. One of the druken lads summed the situation up well : "Soz, you have gone one-for-one everyone on this table, man", and that was the truth of it. He had probably had about 6 drinks to everyone else's one. And he looked fucked-up for it. Go Soz. &nbsp; An hour after we started drinking, Angela and Kayla, along with Bec and her retarded friend arrived. Soz greeted them all warmly, since he was tipsy at this stage and began to paw all over the girls since he had practically NO control over his body anymore. His dick was now in control. It was an amusing sight to behold. Once again, go Soz! &nbsp; Stupidly, I forgot that I was driving and so went to the bar and purchased 3 scotch and cokes, setting me back only $10.50. Score. But, I could only down one since they would have put me easily over the legal limit for driving, forcing me to -reluctantly- give the other two away. &nbsp; The night drew on and about and hour and a half into the night, Zenny and Co., arrive.&nbsp;&nbsp;We&nbsp;didn't really share much conversation with the three that tagged along -&nbsp;the couple left so early you could almost pre-ordain that the guy was getting laid that night. Zenny on the other hand, attracted copious amounts of attention with her burgundy corset. Fwahhh! Nice work, girl! &nbsp; So, the night eventually drew to a close with the two Leo's and John departing with Shawn since they were&nbsp;considered officially soft. In the end, I had to take Soz out of the bar before he caused any more insane havoc. Those that know the boy realise he is UNCONTROLLABLE when he is drunk. Only woman have the power to subdue the wild lad, so having the masculine equipped merchandise, I failed to secure the authority from Soz I required. This was not surprising&nbsp;because he had drunk over 11&nbsp;glasses of&nbsp;scotch and coke and 2 setruse shots. 