Oh to behold the woe found&nbsp;in those red, red eyes of his. &nbsp; Kissing everyone good bye and deciding we were hungry, Soz and I headed to the car to meet the girls at Maccas. As soon as we pull out of the street, the&nbsp;fuzz pull us over. No doubt they heard Soz's loud taunts at the crapness of Coles over Safeway (Che`?) and decided to check upon (us) drunken louts. Blowing in their suspicious contraption (breathaliser), we were waved on our way and so met up with the girl was Maccas without a hitch. &nbsp; Eventually we made it home all in one piece and so I would regard that as a good night. I hope we are well on our way to turning it into something like this time last year.&nbsp; The liquor flowed steadily from chilled taps. Smiling faces and hefty busts were all about to greet us. Life was good. May those days continue. &nbsp; Cheers Big-ears, Papsmears and Engineers... &nbsp; *G* I decided not to include a title to this one, because the language I would have used may well have put off any potential readers. Whilst enjoying a little Austar with my meal (something I should have thought twice about before actually undertaking), I caught the end of Astroboy on Nickelodeon (a show I adored as a kid), which was followed by some guff called Totally Spies . Now, there were two significant differences between these two shows; the former included fairly obsolete (though still acceptable) animation, and adequate as it was, they still decided to jazz it up with a completely new ending to the show, complete with new music. Totally Spies , however, was a flashy, new piece of garbage with cutting-edge animation and flawless appeal. Yet somehow it lacked the more subtle appeal of Astroboy ; namely, plot. Well, there was a plot, and here it is: three 'new-age' girls must save the world from disillusioned supermodel who wants to 'modelise' an army to take over the fashion industry that spurned her. The world is in danger why? Because! It's... ummm... well, you know... she speaks with an English accent, dammit! Oh, and the uber-cutelings will lose their delicate features and become... *gasp* ...normal. That's right, folks. What are we teaching kids today? That you have to save the world if someone threatens to take away your good looks and curvaceous figure. Mmmmm. And of course, the girls are aghast at each other when they discover the results of their 'modelisation' (which seems strange since the victims are ugly, but I found that quite hilariously ironic); they are stuck with freckly skin, red hair, braces and 'stocky' legs. That's right; not fat , just stocky. But boy, you should see the fucking fuss these chicks put on. Now, I found this interesting, because their 'robust' legs are not useless, nor flabby; they are in fact, super-strong. But that is of no interest to these uber-cuties, who want their slim, trim, stick-like legs back, because despite their tone and strength, the new ones don't fit into the tiny-tight clothes they enjoy wearing. And then there's the faces; we get heaps of jokes about carrots and the sun glaring off those horrible braces. *frumple* I would have thought that any self-respecting individual would resist this kind of obscene crap. But, it's for kids; and what sort of choice do they ever get? So sit down kiddies, and enjoy your powder-puff-wielding, lipstick-laser-shooting and x-ray-contact-lens-wearing heroines reinforce the stereotypes of body and physicality that thinking women have been trying to eradicate for decades. Here's to cartoons and uber-cuties! It is worth noting that Astroboy 's plot was once again about protecting the little natural wildlife left in his futuristic, robot-inhabited world, and his sister gets a decent piece of the play, using her wit and intellect to make suggestions, rather than whipping out a make-up-fucking-holder-thing and using it to vanquish her foes without thought whilst bitching about her 'overly-powerful' legs. This shit gets me way too worked up. No wonder I don't watch television any more. Bonjour, I like the Islam point; I have a cunning idea that I can work that definition, ironically, into the Fellis, who can then call their slaves djinni... as a nice touch. After all, I'm trying to make people think, not just hand them some funky tie-ins on a nice silver platter [mbrbrbrrFeistmrbrr]. As for the D&D kids? They can go fuck themselves. I'm not too worried about what a few obsessive wankers are going to think about their favourite critter from Monster Manual XVIII or the Sixteenth-Ed. Fiend Folio. Just like they can't complain if I used the word 'kobold' or 'goblin'. These kinds of words are well-established and were likely pillaged from another source in any case. Usually, as you have discovered, from cultures other than Anglo-Saxon. And I'm actually modifying the word slightly in any case; djinni is the proper noun in all the other cases; in mine, 'djinn' is the noun, and 'djinni' is a specific plural. Thus, the two words are different, even if slightly. As you can see, I'm not too concerned with 'copyright' or stepping on anyone's toes here. One word I did out-and-out flog, which is acknowledged specifically at the end of my story, is the word ghola , from Frank Herbert's Dune series (notably the latter two or three). I don't use it in exactly the same fashion, since it is a technological term, but I keep its basic essence, which is along the lines of a construct of resurrected genetic material. My version is magical, and isn't a big part in the story; I just love the word. My first three chapters are fully edited now, and they kick arse. I'm about four or five chapters from the actual finish, and it's freaking me out. I'm not sure how I'm going to think when it's done, but who the fuck cares? It will be one step closer to masterpiece: complete. G, it is great to hear you talk about your experiences the way you did. I think it's fantastic that you can share that kind of intimacy with someone; it's one of this shitty world's greatest experiences. Izz sounds pretty funky, my friend, and I'm looking forward to meeting her even more than I am the Queen of Heft (who, after all, is just hefty). Don't be too concerned about missing someone; that's just another way of realising it's worth the trouble. And besides, missing someone is half the fun of being together; you'll only enjoy the reunion that much more. So thanks very much, motherfucker: you have me all warm and fuzzy inside, you bastard. Adieu and au revoir. Postscript: James Hird trained today. Hardcore. He was only released from hospital last night. Greetings Droogies, Let's get some of the bureaucratic things in order first, before things begin. In response to Vitriol’s last post concerning my initial post on the philosophy of road laws, I am currently forming a counter argument. I found the reply interesting and courteous and so I shall reply consequently similarly. Realising that the point was enormously extreme, I did find it interesting which aspects were supportable compared to those less so. These shall be discussed at my convenience, as I “cannot be stuffed” spending the time doing the mental gymnastics to modify my views on the subject. I merely wished to provoke argument and rattle a response from those interested enough, more to assess where strong views like those presented would sit in the large picture in comparison to others; if you never question you will never learn. This does not imply I shall be lenient in my counter appraisal. I shall be merciless. Let the slaughterous assessment begin! B: The LAN is going to be in August. I believe the exact date is the 7th, which is a Saturday. Have no fear about missing it. Just make sure that your hard disk is pretty organised, saving as much space as possible, since there will be lots of things to peruse through and leach – not to mention the glorious gaming that will be had. Secondly, my old chum, on the topic of ‘Djinn’, I think perhaps you might have some angry AD&D players knocking on your door once they notice the use of their word for Genie as your use of the word for the elves. I would argue that it is perhaps in the same realm as using the term ‘Istari’ – The Wizards from Tolkien’s world. I know the word sounds cool but you might have conflicts because of it. I figure if perhaps the AD&D people hadn’t already used the word Genie in the phonetic spelling of Djinni, you might have got away with it. I reckon, scrap the word and make a new word of your own for it. Personally, I think the connection is interesting, but the term use may cause you trouble. Genies are in a sense slaves, bound to their flask until some unweary adventurer sets them free. I suppose this is very much like your elves since they were bound in the beginning and are now set free. I don’t know how others will interpret the connection since the term Genie (spelled: Djinni) is so well known. Something you might find interesting about a secondary use of the term Djinni is it’s use in the Koran, the muslim bible. It reads: djinni - (Islam) an invisible spirit mentioned in the Koran and believed by Muslims to inhabit the earth and influence mankind by appearing in the form of humans or animals Perhaps you might be able to use that instead. It is a different meaning of the word and well, if you just liked the word this allows you use of it, without ripping off anything that many people would know of. Except muslims, but they are a minority [note the irony]. My agendas: Well, I had a great night with Isobel (Izzy) last night. Even though she had to leave early to go away with friends the following morning, she still made the effort to come past and spend some time with me. The night was filled with constant laughter and witty humour. We watched a few movies she had hired and one from my own (petite) collection. They included: “Till Human Voices Wake Us”, “The Long Kiss Goodnight” and finally “A Waking Life”. All in all, I felt an amorous connection begin to grow between us. Where once light brushes of body contact were the norm, we have reached a stage where we can comfortably share the warm of one another’s body. The union of unquavering eyes, laden with hidden messages rocked the very foundation of my senses. I cannot comprehend the novelty of such closeness nor the splendour that accompanies it. May the seeds of passion in my heart bear ripe sweet fruits, rather than adding to the already decaying pods of expended blossoms. She will be away for the weekend until the next Monday, and I am glad I got to see her one last time before she departed. She shall be missed. I don’t have much else to comment on as of late. There isn’t much to jog my mind or cause it to focus now that holidays have begun. Perhaps I shall finally sink into my short story and complete some long forgotten personal writing. As long as I can wake afore the cockcrows. Adew *G* Well, the footy was spectacular. 24.11 to 11.11 is extraordinary in anyone's book. The General, as always, was taken down by the enemy halfway through the piece, and in his 200th, missed half through injury. A fitting hallmark of his career, really. Luckily, the lacklustre team rallied hence, and pummelled the pathetic Tigers within an inch of their lives. The Velvet Sledgehammer managed the lazy nine, with only one behind. Coleman number three, here we come. Just finished watching the replay on the teev, and it was a lot better knowing the result. Adam McPhee is a tank. The Johnsons are harder than granite. Rama is back in a big way. In classic Hird style, if he's going to be bothered doing an injury, he does it properly. He breaks a rib, is blessed with a nice bout of bleeding through the lungs, and decides to play on for another six or seven minutes before he's finally dragged by the team doctor and wanders around the boundary (in what is obviously great pain) into the rooms, where he is ferried to hospital. Hospital. The hardness of that man is astonishing. It's a shame his body can't keep up. Unfortunately, the writing hit a wall today, which is a solid bitch. Hence the late-night enthuse in the hope of regaining some semblance of quality upon the morn, though the likelihood of that seems slim to none at the moment. But, what can one do? Edit. Rework. Think. Play really fucking loud music. And that's about it. But, the badminton was a blast; it's lucky for those poor bastards I don't play the competition night on Thursdays, or I'd have to take it seriously and they'd never win a fucking point. Sometimes, I amaze even myself. It's been five years, and I reckon I've regained about 70% of my best form in about ten weeks. I just can't play doubles. It pains me. My perfect partner would just stand in the fucking corner and do nothing while I won the fucking game for them. But... you have to let the fuckers have a hit. So... you lose. Take one for the 'team'. Even though the 'team' consists of one person scoring and the other just... fucking things up. Sport. Love it. G: One point of interest; my 'elves' are now called 'djinn'. The plural is 'djinni', and the accusative 'djinaen'. They call themselves the Djinaen Aelfraaye. Except the 'Ae' is one of those merged-AE symbols. 'Djin' means 'slave' in the old language, which I thought was a nice touch. It's deliberately synonymous with the 'Djinni' that are like genies (may even have been where our word 'genie' comes from), considering that they too, are slaves. Read it over a few times and let me know if it seems right. I was thinking of making the djinni some kind of race other than elves, but I couldn't think of anything similar or convenient enough. Soz: If that LAN is on this weekend, it might be a negatori from this end. Essendon play in the West and I won't be getting a freeload, so it would be expensive. But for the life of me I can't remember when the hell it was anyway. Besides, there's an opportunity just arisen to hit a pub with a cute chick that might even outrank the footy. Keep you posted. That's my life, at 3:13am. Having just engaged in the ever-worthwhile effort of reading DisSenter's opinion, I will direct any readers of this post to the aformentioned article. Most of the discussion in this text will be referrent to the one previous, and though I will attempt to bring relevant exerpts to light, it would be useful to read DisSenter's own words first. On the whole, I would agree with the utmost emphasis, with the general suggestion raised by DisSenter, in that an alternate solution to the current road rules, their punishments and regulations, is necessary. I would also concur that the most extreme, the most consistent and the most reckless offenders are those to whom the law should indeed strive to punish. However, and this is the point at which I will begin, I do not agree that an immediate, all-pervasive and likely draconian punishment is the answer. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Why put faith in the value of conditioning when it has been &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;shown to be so falsely and weakly supportable? Better to &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;remove those directly off the road quickly before potentially &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;more harm takes place. The ruling should be the first time &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;you speed or break the road rules; you should suffer an &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;immediate loss of licence. No second chances implies that &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;those that have their licence will be more reluctant to give &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;it away so easily, and those that are careless enough to be &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;apathetic towards this won’t have it for very long – and &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;rightly so. I would in all honesty ask whether conditioning in regards to the punishment of fines has actually been shown to fail in the majority of cases. It may be that in many cases conditioning does not work immediately, if at all, and that it is not a complete answer to the problem of reckless or careless driving. However, as a general deterrent, I would think it works quite well. I would point out that it may in fact fail the majority of times in extreme cases such as that outlined by DisSenter, but it is not these extreme cases it sets out to deter in the first place. But, presuming this is an article against particularly deficient and negligent drivers, I will assume that the point is moot, and look at the next case in hand; the immediate refusal of licenses for first offenders. This, I must say, would be completely inappropriate. Both the severity and swiftness of punishment might well deter most drivers from speeding and/or infringing, but it will not stop those, who as DisSenter most adequately stated himself, have a contempt or disregard for the law, just as conditioning will not. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; If it is done this way, it will restrict repeat offenders since &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;they cannot continue speeding, not even just a little, since &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;any minor infraction will cause termination of licence. Perhaps, but it also restricts all offenders, and anyone who is caught is punished just as harshly, since 'any minor infraction will cause termination of license'. To subject an entire society to particularly harsh or strict rules because of the idiocy of a few is ludicrous. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Whether they have learnt their lesson or not is unimportant &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;here since they are not given another opportunity to prove &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;their erudition. What about those who have learned their lesson? Neither are they given another opportunity. I would suggest, at a minimum, that three offences occur before the suspension of a license. The law is about precedent, and three offenses is a clear precedent in any case. The time period between each should be less than a year; after all, it is a bit hard to ask every driver on the road not to err more than once in an entire year or face the loss of a license. Unfortunately, we are all human and make mistakes. We must give some breadth of opportunity for error and instead focus the higher penalties upon those who earn them. In this regard I would also disagree on the abandonment of varying penalties for varying offenses. To say that an offender who exceeds the limit by 5km/h in a 110 zone is just as reckless as one who exceeds the limit by 60km/h in an 80 zone is ridiculous. Because they are not. To exceed the limit by less than 5% could in fact be written off to a momentary distraction or neglect; an infringement perhaps, but not one that deserves a penalty of removing their license for 3 years! On the other hand, to infring by such a gross margin as the latter example, which amounts to a 75% excess, might well earn that penalty. I would thus argue that the current system supports this method of punishment, in an ascending scale. What, I think, needs to occur in regard to the punishment is to ban repeat, significant offenders for longer periods of time. Anyone who exceeds the limit by over 50% should have their license suspended immediately. To repeat the offense at any time in the future should incur the same penalty, for double the duration. A third repeat of such a significant offense might even render the driver ineligible to drive again. Not many people could argue that such a punishment is unreasonable; such excess is no accident. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The road to getting the licence should remain the same, for &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;reasons not argued here, but the road to keeping it should &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;be much, much harder. Roughly this is because mental &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;maturity is too difficult to assess at the time licence testing. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;It cannot be determined prior to the accident whether this &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;individual will or will not be a road hazard. In this case, I must completely disagree. The current methods for acquiring a road license in Victoria are an absolute joke. Answer a few multiple-choice questions, press a few buttons and bumble your way through a sterile driving course and you have yourself a ten-year license. Many drivers struggle to identify simple rules such as whose right it is to turn into a street first from various points in an intersection; when it is appropriate to indicate; which lane of a road to drive in, and when. What importance is actually given to retaining any knowledge of road rules after the test? What respect or caution is given by young drivers when they pass the test and possess the 'right' to drive a vehicle? The limitations on beginning drivers are very thin and only barely adequate. Mental maturity is indeed difficult to gauge, not only during a fifteen-minute driving test, but at any stage by anyone with a brief amount of time in which to do so. Nor is it the place of testers to identify whether or not a given driver might be a road hazard in the future. What is required are stricter guidelines, and a more in-depth procedure for acquiring licenses in the first place; perhaps even mandatory refresher courses or tests in the future, especially for offenders. Just as important as the punishments in place, and indeed even the rules, is the culture of those that offend by the most excessive amounts, and the most regularly. Statistics by various government and private companies show the most serious offenders are males aged between 18 and 25. The next bracket includes males between 25 and 35 and females between 18 and 25. It is not surprising, in light of the accident outlined in DisSenter's article, upon further detail to find that the vehicle driven was modified. I would ask: what proportion of serious, frequent offenders are not only in the first of these brackets, but also driving modified or particularly powerful vehicles? I would therefore suggest that the culture of vehicle modification is a significant contributor to the cause of serious road injuries and fatalities. I would also suggest that the demands made on truck drivers over long periods of time due to inappropriately short demand times is another significant contributor to road injury and/or fatality. In the case of the latter, it might be as simple as gearing unions to achieve workplace standards or instituting regulations for minimum travel times for long-distance truck drivers embedded in legislation. In the case of the former, it seems that the very culture of the individuals involved will be much harder to erase or positively modify. Unfortunately, not all those who modify cars are 'hoons'. Many are, but not all. To crack down on the entire culture would be particularly unfair on those who enjoy modified vehicles but who also obey and respect the law. I would suggest greater limits on age and experience for allowing certain vehicles to be driven, or even owned, by particular individuals in certain age brackets. No doubt these regulations already exist, but provision might need to be made to more effectively reduce the capacity of repeat offenders to own or drive such vehicles. I would suggest that far more significant fines and, more appropriately, restrictions be placed on young males with modified vehicles, repeat offenders, and serious offenders. Although it is in the best interests of everyone to keep 'road-maniacs' off the road, where they belong, it is also a matter of balancing more severe penalties with those of lesser offenders, who may have made simple mistakes or are quite capable of changing their ways. In any case: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; If you cannot handle your car and are a hazard on the road, &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;then you should not be allowed to continue driving. This is the point beyond dispute here, and no matter what may or may not be the best or most reasonable way to go about it, there are distinct holes in the net that is currently used to both catch and punish those responsible for avoidable road deaths. Accidents happen, and they will never be avoided. But crushing the spine of a so-called 'friend' because you were driving at 160km/h is a disgraceful, disgusting abuse of any privilege, or right, and deserves a strict and unbending application of severe retribution. The driver of that vehicle does not deserve to drive again, but does deserve the pain and guilt he may well feel for the rest of his life because of the idiotic and reckless actions he took, again as DisSenter has adquately put it, as a child. Good Morning All, This is one of the longest posts you shall receive on this site and so I ask you to only read it if you are interested in improving our road safety. This is primarily a political philosophical argument and as yet incomplete, yet should provide you with something to think about. Bear in mind that it is as yet only proof read once and still in the process of being edited. Regards, *G* Not wanting to work on one of the many stories floating about in the asylum of my mind, I chose to question the government with some political philosophy. Recently to my great dismay, I received word that the brother of a friend was almost turned into a quadriplegic. Sitting in the passenger seat of his friend’s hotted-up vehicle, they collided head on with another car while driving over 160 km/h on a dark, rainy road. The driver of the car almost had his bowels eviscerated by the seat belt, while the two back seat passengers were practically unharmed. But the brother of the friend had so much trauma damage to his spinal cord that it was hanging by a thread. So devastating was the damage that moving him ever so slightly could completely sever the neurons holding his spine together. Rushed to the hospital, friends, relatives and immediate family were in tears. The individual came so close to passing into the next life that Death herself could be heard whispering in his ear. Strapped to a table to debilitate moving, the unfortunate boy now remains in intensive care fighting to keep his ability to walk again if not his life. What are we to do to prevent such disasters from taking place? Who is to blame for the catastrophe? Many possible solutions and counter arguments present themselves. Let us begin this first by assessing blame by the parents. Showing that firm parenting is not a suitable solution to the problem, I shall assess possible changes to the road laws that govern whom may be afforded the luxury of driving automobiles. Using two primary and common cases of road law infringement, I shall show that it is illogical to continue to allow unsafe drivers upon the road. This being the case the problems that arise with the argument are shown not to be flawed when considered independently of other factors but could turn out to be potentially disastrous for the general smooth operation of the population. Returning to the case at hand, this child – for that is exactly what he is – threw caution to the wind and willingly jeopardised his life. Now, is this the fault of the child? Abso-bloody-lutely. Everyone is responsible for his or her own actions and this case shall not be argued against here. What about the parents? I would say, being lenient and aware of what it is like having disciplinary parents of various styles that not all the blame should fall on them. Certainly if they are being terrible role-models for their children – exposing them to all sorts of bad habits and routines – the child will pick up some of these from their day-to-day exposure to it. But this may not necessarily be the so in the majority of household operations. Certainly what could mostly be argued is that parents with difficult children or young adults are either too apathetic to care about their child’s behaviours or too lacking in control to discipline them will be more prevalent in such road infringements. What seems evident with both these groups is that if the apathetic parent became the caring parent and those that lack discipline suddenly found an appropriate method of controlling their children, it would not guarantee that their child would be sensible behind the wheel. As children grow they gain many different influences – such as friends and other relatives – and so the parent can only set the stage and rehearse with child then allow them to dance their own way to the allotted script. With such limiting control, a parent can only hope that their child has the sense to behave in a way that is safe and appropriate, but this as a fact is never the way the case presents itself. Children experiment and that is a fact of life, but when experimentation becomes dangerous – to themselves and others – then external intervention is required. Being educated and told right from wrong isn’t enough anymore. The law was designed to serve in the interest of humankind, to maintain prosperity and sanctity of life, and this is a case that most strongly requires a sensible and suitable intervention. My argument will seem incomplete if I ignored the minority groups of parents that are quite poor with their children, so to address them I make the following comment: They will most likely never change, and their behaviours are so ingrained that their children will probably suffer by default. This is tragic, I understand, but we are dealing with logic and the majority of reasonable, caring parents. To be sensible we should call a spade a spade and realise that the law can go above the idiocy or irresponsibility of poor parents and this is a situation where it is direly required. Seeing as it is unreasonable to rely on the assumption that, given their parents can control their children, it would cease their juvenile and dangerous behaviour. Relying on a higher order to organise and maintain sanity and protection of the denizens of the city from such acts, we are forced to resort to the law. Teenagers these days are given the right to learn to drive a car from the age of 16 until they reach 18 where they begin their probationary period for three further years, finally reaching their full licence at 21 (without prior offences). The law as it stands, and heretofore I shall refer to it loosely, that those breaking it suffer fines according to how much they erred. Let us deal with two types of penalty incurring acts: Speeding and road related accidents such as collisions. Firstly, I wish to go into speeding and how such acts promote or can act as a signifier of potentially hazardous drivers. The law asserts that generally those that speed will desist in their efforts to overtake the speed limit if they are fined heavily and suffer demerit points lost off their licence. This will eventually result in licence revocation. The law asserts that this will remove dangerous and hazardous drivers off the road and allow for safer driving. This is unjustifiable. It is as irrational as the parent that believes if they scold their child for the thousandth time they won’t play with matches again, or tread through the house with mud on their feet, or speed. Punishment and regulation does not imply that someone will learn their lesson and decide to behave appropriately and sensibly according to the law. Most likely it will make repeat offenders more volatile and encourage contempt for the law or anything that restricts them. Their sense of wronging or punishment will further push them away from the law rather than steer them in and encourage them to behave appropriately. Even if this is not the case there is nothing to suggest that they have improved in their mental maturity and will from then onwards aim to behave within the limits set by the law. Why put faith in the value of conditioning when it has been shown to be so falsely and weakly supportable? Better to remove those directly off the road quickly before potentially more harm takes place. The ruling should be the first time you speed or break the road rules; you should suffer an immediate loss of licence. No second chances implies that those that have their licence will be more reluctant to give it away so easily, and those that are careless enough to be apathetic towards this won’t have it for very long – and rightly so. The road to getting the licence should remain the same, for reasons not argued here, but the road to keeping it should be much, much harder. Roughly this is because mental maturity is too difficult to assess at the time licence testing. It cannot be determined prior to the accident whether this individual will or will not be a road hazard. The only fair option, without causing an infringement on their rights, is to allow someone to have a fair go before they are condemned. After that time all strikes count as fatal. If it is done this way, it will restrict repeat offenders since they cannot continue speeding, not even just a little, since any minor infraction will cause termination of licence. This factors in that the mindset of the individual need not change across time while they are driving since as long as they break the law they will be off the road permanently. Whether they have learnt their lesson or not is unimportant here since they are not given another opportunity to prove their erudition. As long as they offend, the law should stipulate immediate termination. In such a way, the reliance on conditioning to improvement via fining or suspension is forgone. To become realistic, it would be impossible to terminate licences permanently, as this would be seen as condemnation without revocation. What should be implemented is sever penalties that, irrespective of the size of the speeding infringement, invoke immediate loss of licence and at least 2 or 3 years. Driving is a privilege by those that are worthy enough to use the roads sensibly, and not a privilege by default as it is regarded today. When it comes down to it, ask yourself whether giving a road-maniac the ability to drive again so that he or she can potentially offend again is important because it’s their right to do so or whether the safety of your children, family and friends is more important. Surely, you will remove the offender of the road and keep your loved ones safe. Speed limits will be adhered for fear of the penalties and so some order shall be restored, not by relying on the good will and learning of others, but by removing those that are resistant to such learning from the equation. What needs to be recognised here is that the right to apply for a drivers licence should be available to everyone without discrimination, but the privilege to keep it should be for those that are able to maintain and prove their worth as a driver. This would imply little or no accidents and certainly no speeding fines or reckless behaviour. Such acts only serve to show the lackadaisical attitude of the driver and the lack of discipline that is essentially required to sit behind the wheel safely. Reasonably it would not be sane to put an inexperienced suburban parent into space after a week of training, as although it is his right to see space and beyond, he is not up to the challenge to attempt deep space voyage. Doing so is an endangerment to those working with him in the cooperative system. Rights and privileges are mutually exclusive. You can have the right to go into space, but without proper skill, testing and training, you may not receive the privilege to go up there. The other sort of dangerous driver is the frequent accidental or careless driver. They are the individuals that constantly, through fault or not fault of their own engage in accidents involving cars or others objects along the roadside. These individuals are a bane to society, obviously lacking in their ability to handle their automobile safely enough to keep themselves and others clear of danger. This is a similar case to speeding since it can be caused due to carelessness; lack of attention to the task at hand, poor training and coordination and various other reasons. The argument to remove these drivers off the road also stems from the aforementioned case of if they aren’t on the road, they can’t cause a problem. This seems logical enough. Why keep someone who is unsafe on the road at all? They should be removed leaving the law-abiding citizens to drive in peace and safety. Until such time as they can be shown to be safe on the road again when they are shown to be safe and wise in their vehicles method of operations – through a driving clinic for example – they should be reprimanded from further driving activity. Driving is a privilege not a right – something that has been forgotten in the interest of government income and revenue. The same applies with driving dangerously. If you cannot handle your car and are a hazard on the road, then you should not be allowed to continue driving. My aim from both of these two cases is to point out that taking the factor out of the situation would serve as the best means of a solution. A driver who speeds does not respect the privilege of driving and so it is denied it. Similarly, a driver who is dangerous on the road and a cause of continuous accidents should also be removed since they are not apt enough to handle themselves on the road in a safe manor. These simple things can save lives but there is always something that causes the situation to become more complicated. Likely, the government would stop making money if people that were speeding were to be taken off the road and so would resist such a drastic termination process. Also, the sheer volume of drivers to be suspended would be so high that it would possibly destroy, if not severely damage enterprise since people would not be able to arrive to work any more. It might also increase a sporadic crime wave of car thefts, unlicensed driving, and joy-riding by those that have had their licence revoked, possibly required more policing in that particular area. These possible situations seem evident and even highly likely, but at what cost are we to keep the lives of your children and family safe? Removing idiots off the road serves to keep those on the road safe, but the effects on the community need to be weighed also. But this can remain for another discussion. Adew All. DisSenter I don't need dictionary.com. I am dictionary.com. Hey, whatever you want to write, it's kewl. Don't feel pressured into maintaining some standard, like the G-Meister and I, who are founding members of Pedants-R-Us. It's all good, little matey. I tend to write things like mini-essays on Medea when I get bored. It's a by-product of my anti-social life here in I-know-nobody-land, a.k.a Bendigo. It's just there to read, not to emulate. Besides, if you write a Spotlight on The Illiad, I'll probably pick it to pieces anyway. So just do what you do best... whatever that is. Heh. This is not meant to be some kind of hyper-intellectual forum for dissecting the nuances of the human dichotomy, but if that rocks your boat, then it certainly can be. I watched the 'Shane Crawford Show' last night, or Under the Covers or whatever the stupid thing was called. Crock. Of. Shit. Funny at times, and quite watchable, but as far as an expose goes, this fell flat on its boof-head face. It wasn't anything out of the ordinary, nor anything pertinent. In fact, it reeked of "Feel Sorry For Me Because One Of The Hot Chicks I Won't Sleep With Is Stalking Me". Well boo-fucking-hoo. Just sit at home in front of your two-hundred-inch Plasma and enjoy the replay of your last belting by Collingwood, is my response to that. So that's my pop segment for this week. HI. this is a blog entry from angela. Everything on this site seems intellectual and you all write with big words but i dont. so ner. im breaking the rhythem. i dont even know how to spell rythem and im too lazy to dictionary.com it. My mum just got harry potter 3 and spiderman two on dvd from some guy at her work. im so bored. kayla is about to come over. i said that to myself 3 hours ago. im sorry if i ruined the notion of your GLOB blog. i'll write more another time when i expand my vocabulary. Mrs Marsh said that i need to expand it byebye! Consider: If someone is intimidated, they are made to suffer intimidation against their will. If someone is intimated , would they not be suffering intimacy, also against their will? I find it interesting, in that context, to take a look at some of the effects of such activity, as explained in common American by the Thesaurus of most Scumsoft products. Write 'intimated' into any Word document, use the Thesaurus (shift-F7), and be amazed at the effects of being made intimate... One no longer has to question why the logic of men often goes to greath lengths to avoid such conditions, as oulined within the very nature of our language. It's my Birthday and I'll Blog if I want to! I love this story. It has all the essential components of a good read: intrigue, betrayal, murder and failed romance. Real romance is for amateurs; only a master can capture the grotesqueries of the most twisted romances. It has a great hero, Jason, of the Argonauts and Golden Fleece fame, now reduced considerably in the esteem of she once his concubine. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; You filthy coward! - if I knew any worse name &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;For such unmanliness I'd use it - so, you've come! &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;You, my worst enemy, come to me! Oh, it's not courage, &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;This looking friends in the face after betraying them. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;It's not even audacity; it's a disease. To save her love, Medea sacrificed everything; her home, her father, her sisters, and travelled back to Corinth with Jason. Two children and a bitter relationship later, he has forsaken her to marry the daughter of Creon, King of Corinth. Now, let there be no doubt in anyone's mind that Medea is hard . She's a twisted, bitter bitch, but I love that about her. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; What makes me cry with pain &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Is the next thing I have to do. I will kill my sons. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No one shall take my children from me. When I have made &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Jason's whole house a shambles, I will leave Corinth &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;A murderess, flying from my darling children's blood. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes, I can endure guilt, however horrible; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The laughter of my enemies I will not endure. She ends up having her vengeance upon Jason, who in this tale seems fairly chauvanistic and simple. Medea, on the other hand, is very complex; she loves and hates the man, and struggles with the moral dilemma before her, finally giving in to the urge to do what I was dying for her to do for the entire length of the plot: Unleash the fury. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Arm yourself, my heart: the thing &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;That you must do is fearful, yet inevitable. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Why wait then? My accursed hand, come, take the sword; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Take it, and forward to your frontier of despair. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No cowardice, to tender memories; forget &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;That you once loved them, that of your body they were born. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;For one short day forget your children; afterwards &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Weep: though you kill them, they were your beloved sons. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Life has been cruel to me. Now that is willpower. Euripides sure had a fair old imagination, because he dreams up some pretty savage stuff. People often say that violence on television is ruining young minds, but by that rationale, young ancient Greeks should have been homicidal maniacs, the lot of them. Tragedy and murder were laid before them constantly in their amphitheatres, which were the television, radio, cinema and MCG of their day. But no mention of Medea can go without my favourite quote, one of my all-time most precious; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Let no one think of me &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;As humble or weak or passive; let them understand &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;I am of a different kind: dangerous to my enemies, &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Loyal to my friends. To such a life glory belongs. And that is the beauty of Medea. Three points: I : Good call, my young Padawan. A timelier piece could not have been constructed, unless of course, it had anything to do with current affairs, such as Israel-Palestine, the US-Australia Free Trade Agreement, or Mark Latham's plethora of prior assault charges, to name a few. But, all things being considered, this ranks right up there. II : Due to his being called 'The Muscles from Brussels', I have a fair idea where this 'Kraut' is from. III : I think, to put it plainly, we should establish some ground-rules here. Namely, that some sense of decency and etiquette should be maintained. Therefore, I have to ask what the fuck you were thinking when you answered your random question. Have some fucking class, man. Other than that, spiffy, my friend. Spiffy indeed. Welcome to the first of many 'Stating the Obvious'. This week we shall look at Van Damme, the muscle-bound moron from wherever. Equiped with a bad accent and even worse acting skills, Van Damme has once again attempted to take his skills seriously with the action flick "Derailed". The words "What the-" and "That makes no sense" may constantly flood into your mind as you spend your valuable time attempting to understand the plot - which in fact doesn't exist. Okay, okay, I am being a little too harsh. Lets just *assume* there is a viable plot, what now? We are not at a complete loss. The director however is way up shit creek. This movie could have been made to be somewhat credible. Hefty chicks parade throughout the movie. In fact, they were the only things that facilitated my vigilence; a busty brunette theif, a sandy-haired slim doctor and a glasses wearing tall, petite violinist. With such tits-n-ass, it was remarkable that the director created such a flop. But what does this have to do with Van Damme sucking? Well, it doesn't have anything to do with it. He just sucks. That's why this is called "Stating the Obvious", because it doesn't require explanation or definition. It is undisputed. But, before I leave I would like to put my polished boot into Van Damme's stomach. He sucked for the following reasons: - His pathetic accent - He is incapable of showing any convincing facial expressions appart from anger. - The fact that his characters are so one dimensional yet are given enormous amounts of authority. - He is always the ONLY man for the job. He is an idiot, if that's the only man for the job, consider the mission a failure and move on. - There is something to be said about the technological advancement in his movies. For exameple the Russians have been using AK's in movies for about 35 years. America, meanwhile, is technologically superior in every way to that back water swamp of an ice world. If this is the case, why do the Russians always put up such a hard fight with the most primitive of weapons when battling american forces? If so, why do the yanks always send one muscle-bound Krout (Van Damme) to get the job done rather than nuking their enemies base of operations or sending in a tactical SEAL or Ranger team to get the job done? It's all about believability, and his movies are highly unbelievable. - He plays the same character every movie. - He takes himself seriously. This is the worst of his flaws. The fool thinks he is good. Oh my! He was holding the door when Satan was giving out brains. In conclusion, I would recommend this for our aging Mr. Van Damme: Look in your study. See how many different academy awards you have - this should take you about 2 seconds since the number would be zero. Now go to the movie cabinet. Count all the good movies you have made - this should also take only a few seconds since the number could be counted on one hand. Divide the score by the number of years as an actor to get your final score. The higher the score the better. Let's do a quick tally for Mr. Van Damme: (0 + 0)/18 = Undefined. Wow, you have it there folks. The truth eventually shines through. Quit while you're ahead, or in your case, just quit. *G* A moron, a dole bludger and a Collingwood supporter walk into a bar... ...and that was just the first guy. Is not very important, but neither is this message, which is just a test. Right. This is an idea the G-Meister and I have devised from years of swimming through a boatload of shit on the internet, as well as intense discussions on the topic. It struck he and I as a convenient way to keep in contact with people, whilst circumventing the need for chat programs or e-mail. How it works is that you all get permissions to make posts here, to which any or all of you can comment with further blog posts. That way, no matter the time of day or night, you can jump on and find out what the rest of us are talking about or thinking about and reply in a semi-public forum. 'Public' in that it's inclusive and not just a private message between two people, and 'semi-' in that nobody without the address will bother reading it, nor will they have access to post their retarded opinions, unlike posting boards. So, providing you all like the idea, post a blog to show that you at least know how to use the darn thing. That requires you to visit blogger.com and start up a profile, which you may already have done if you got the permission e-mail from blogger. Oh, and I must warn you: Blogger requires an inordinate amount of patience, dial-up or no. I am so unbelievably pissed off at some of the things said in this current topic, but I'm not sure how I'll go expressing my feelings, but I'll give it a go. You guys have had bad timing when it comes to this topic, I've just had an ex of mine for the last few days completely mess with my head. So I'm in no mood. Not suprising affairs happen because chicks let down there guard on taken men!.. Fucking bullshit. I am a fucking magnet for unavailable men. I couldn't even count how many times a man has cracked on to me, only to discover they have a girlfriend or are FUCKING MARRIED. And when is it that they tell you? Well never if they can help it, and its only a friend that saves you. Or perhaps they bullshit you, telling you its over or some crap like that. I'm not saying females arn't capable of such things at all. But all this MALE "I LET MY PENIS DO THE THINKING" BULLSHIT is the REASON femaled have that guard up that you speak of. And frankly, when it comes to me, I'm the opposite. My guards down UNTILL they tell me they have a girlfriend. Cos thats when said girlfriends starts to hate me because i'm too good a friends with their boyfriends, or said guy starts looking at me like a piece of smeggin meat, and thinking "all right she could be a bit of fun, I can have my cake and eat it too blah blahblah".. If men are _supposedly_ more logical than women, then men should bloddy well no better shouldn't they. Actually, to hell with it. My guards gunna be up all the smeggin time now after listening to you guys and after my weekend.** Whats the quickest way to a mans heart? Through his cheast with a sharp knife. **Apologies for not referencing your posts specifically, for spelling mistakes, and bad gramMA. But frankly I just don't give a hoot. Okay, two things: 1. Isn't it IRONIC that women, that gender so often inappropriately sought after, so aloof and unapproachable, are suddenly turned into 'normal' people upon the acquisition of a female partner. I agree completely, that this so-called MYSTIQUE that they possess is rendered completely and utterly useless under any circumstance that, of course, inhibits any interest being shown in them. Now, I would add to this comment that not only do they engage easily in all forms of conversation, but are INEXPLICABLY more likely to show interest in said partnered male. And one WONDERS why affairs occur. Single man = no interest. Partnered man = fountain of yap. It is equally interesting to realise the BANALITY of many said chicks in this regard. Certainly, the concern of the male cracking on to her may well have been alleviated, but it remains nonetheless a fascination JUXTAPOSITION in the male-female relationship matrix. Namely, that part that takes logic, breaks it into a million different pieces, and spreads it across a layer of ice so thin that any wrong step with send the hapless interloper into the CHASM OF FUCK-YOU-CREEP. 2. The G-Man has acquired the status of 'Boyfriend'. Sen-fucking-sational. In a Hyper-Thalamus salute to G in his acquisition of aformentioned and strikingly intelligent heft, I have but one final comment to make: RRRRRRRRRRRRRAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHH!!!!!!!! P.S. Isobel; she even has a sexy name, man! Kudos to Kodos! I have also discovered the recent interest of lesser-age nubile sirens; I can only figure it has to do with my current LACK of all facial hair. Therefore, I postulate the notion that beards are fucking bad, man. Heft + Beard = No Noogie. Heft + No Beard = Significant Interaction. This is my latest theorem, based on practical experience and fieldwork analysis. Greetings again, Today I learnt something fascinating. Having recently been promoted to the rank of boyfriend to my lovely lady, Isobel, I have had some rather interesting interactions with women. Women have smiled to me a lot more, appeared more friendly and less threatened by my brusque and manly countenance. But why has this sudden turn of feminine fortune been thrown my way? This seemingly peculiar question along with some "psychological testing" that I have undertaken has shown to me - without a doubt - that when you utter the phrase "I have a girlfriend" to a woman they are automatically disarmed. By disarmed I mean that heavy, thick plate-mail they wear to protect themselves suddenly vanishes as you move from alpha-male predator to attentive and non-threatening friend. Today I witnessed a seeming miracle as I spoke to some random chick in the corridor as she sat outside my tutorial class. At first, I could tell she was just busting to talk to someone. She did common female things like moving her foot erratically while she sat cross-legged, looking from side-to-side and not at her lecture notes. So I sat beside her. Betting on the assumption she would strike up a conversation. I was pleasantly surprised when my gambit paid off. We chatted about common things; the class we were about to enter and that we both shared some overlapping subjects. But this wasn't of great interest to me. The moment I said "Oh and I have my first real girlfriend now, I am new to all this" it was as if she stood up, threw the thick armour and gauntlets to the ground and proceeded become transparent before me. She took off her veil and it was as if I was Sauron of Lord of the Rings, able to see into her very mind "as she lay naked before the lidless eye." From that moment on in the conversation, she was a new woman. Bold. Adventurous. Disinhibited from her defensive ways. She had been miraculously and most astonishingly disarmed. I cannot begin to understand, nor comprehend such overwhelming power. Being charismatic by nature, I had to gain my influences over women by playing to many various techniques and styles, ranging from being empathetic to charming and most painfully, attentive (note: that last part is quite fictitious). But now I have a new weapon. A weapon of epic proportions that could turn the tide in the battle of Men Vs Women for all time. I have found the chink in the armour. Ironically, this insight has struck only me after I have, for all intents and purposes, been quite satisfied with a gorgeous partner. But that is hardly something to be remorseful about. I now understand what my fellow comrades (e.g. Soz) was experiencing when all his female friends were begging and groping for the attention of his ear; women want nothing more than to gasbag about anything to someone who isn't like to make a move on them. The logic seems so profoundly simple it borders on ridiculous. But, alas, true it is. I am sorry if this was boring for some people to read over but I found it very profound and eye opening. Finally, Soz offered his opinion on the subject appropriately titled Dis-Arming Women 101: Step 1: Sever Left Arm, Step 2: Sever Right Arm, and finally Step 3: Gloat! Thank you, Soz for that marvelously unique perspective on Dis-Arming Women Adew Dearest Comrades, Realising the plight of our dear friend Burke is one that has plagued our esteemed comrade for some time, I thought I would provide some Heft Resistance techniques that have served me well. CAUTIONARY DISCLAIMER: The following information is to be used with extreme jest and ridiculousness in mind. The facts, figures and information presented herein is at best speculative and at most completely fallacious. On Eye contact: 10% Resistance This is completely forbidden. 10% of all "picking-up" is done with the eyes. That look from afar from a delicious siren, the immaterial connection between two individuals, serves as the first position where defences need to be erected. Avoid it at all cost my friends. This is easy to do: Don't fuckin' look at her!! On "That look on your face": 10% Resistance Look surly. Enough said. No one wants to come and talk to someone who looks like they just took a crap in their pants and don't know how to rectify the problem; or as if you have found out that your wife/girlfriend has just fucked your best friend; or that just as you lost your job and had your favourite Chia-pet break while you were at the footy, watching your favourite team lose to Port Adelaide, after you have just driven for 8 hours to cheer them on!! Note: Don't confuse this with looking like a hard-arse, as it might get the contrary effect. Just look depressed and lame. If they appear to make eye contact a reaction like Edward Norton from Fight Club - the scene in the board meeting with the new client - would be sufficient to elicit the appropriate reaction. On Flirting: 15-20% Resistance Flirting occurs once eye-contact resistance has been breached. You rolled your D20, failed your saving throw and now you’re up the creek without a paddle. Flirting adds a vast increase to your "Gonna get laid and go to jail" score. If you have that intense eye-contact thing going on and you begin your flirting you are well on your way to the next stage of things; Body contact. Ways to avoid flirting or turn off your said victim depend on how far you are willing to compromise your image. They could be as subtle as pretending to look at her tits all the time or perve at other chicks as they walk past. Alternatively they may be as overt as farting and burping in her presence. Flirting can easily be shut down with a few of these effective methods. On Body Contact: 25% Resistance Body contact in anybody's book is extremely tantalising, especially with someone whom you have shared eye contact and excessive flirting with. A light brush of a hand or their hair on your face or clothes could get a salute of attention from all parties present. To gain maximum resistance, avoid contact and appear still and unresponsive when your defences are breached. Pick your nose from time to time to make hand contact less appealing. Rub some beer or water under your armpits to make it look like you're sweating so that cuddling is likely to be nullified.These techniques will make you "less desirable" to the opposite sex and so facilitate great levels of resistance. On Rejecting the Target: 10% Resistance You can simply just use your willpower. This gives the final 10% and is only possessed by the most strong-minded and unshakeable individuals in our world: me. If she comes up and wants some "sweet thang" just tell her where to go. Don't think about it, just do it often enough so that it becomes and automatic response, in which case you will rely on your brain to make the said judgement not your dick/heart/other appendages. This is the hardest 10% to gain, but the most rewarding since it can be the final barrier between jail and prolonging your promiscuity a few months longer. Finally, if you observe above, I have not set the resistance any greater than 75%. This is because there are those circumstances where it is simply NOT POSSIBLE to resist a woman. For males this sits at about 25% of the time we make contact with one. If the said siren falls within this category you will probably be swayed and there isn't much anyone can do to aid you. All I can urge you to do is remind yourself of my simple steps to Heft Resistance and hope she does something off putting. If not, make sure you illegally purchase some vasaline from your prison "getter-guy" before Bubba and his four mates come-a-knockin' on your cell door, hot and horny for some "fresh meat". Good luck, DisSenter Greetings, droogies. After a tantalising weekend with our esteemed colleague Zenny.dome, followed by an investigation of the Australian Centre for the Moving Image at Federation Square with Zork, I found myself, finally, heading back to Bendigo on the usual method of transportation: the V-Line train. Having had a splendid weekend, I settled myself down stretched along the length of a three-seater and so reclined began reading Euripides' The Women of Troy , a fascinating play about the women given as slaves to the victorious Argives after the fall of Ilium. These include Hecabe, former wife of Priam and Queen of Troy, her prophetic daughter Cassandra, whose uptaking by Agamemnon is one reason for his death at the hands of his wife Clytaemnestra, and poor Andromache, who having lost her husband Hector must also lose her infant son, Astyanax, before being taken, ironically, by Achilles' son as his consort. Now, this is fascinating stuff, I assure you, and I was well immersed in said literature when I looked up and noticed a girl strangely poking her own hips for some reason. I found this somewhat amusing, and could not restrain a polite smile. The girl was horrified, for what reason I really can't say, and covered her face in embarassment. I watched with some mirth as she attempted to compose herself, but every time she caught my eye, would burst out laughing again. This behaviour continued despite her deliberately subdued efforts to avoid my gaze, such as wearing her sunglasses for a time, to no effect. You should, at this juncture, be made aware that your humble narrator found this delightful chickadee to be tremendously gorgeous, and exceptionally hefty to boot. With that in mind, you could imagine my great difficulty in restraining myself from even occasionally glancing in said siren's direction. Needless to say, each time I did this elicited more of the same; a bountiful smile, or sublime laughter. These not being terrible things, I felt encouraged to do so at regular intervals. These antics continued the entire length of the trip, ensuring that as yet I have not completed my reading of The Women of Troy , namely because the Women of Castlemaine were far more alluring at the time. Unfortunately (or, as I will outline in a moment, fortunately) for I, this lithe goddess and her friend departed the train at aformentioned township, ensuring there would be no post-trip charm or speculation to be had. So yes, my faithful readers, I was unable to catch so much as a name from said beauty before she swept away into the darkness. I was, however, rather unexpectedly rewarded with a seductive wave goodbye from the pair as the train lumbered from the station. At this point in time, my inclination to misfortune was somewhat alleviated, as my own modest estimate as to their age would have been seventeen or eighteen. My friends, I implore you, if I am allowed to continue attracting the attention of said nubile sirens, and especially if they continue to arouse the same interest as this one did, there can only be one conclusion: I am going to jail. As we all know, our dear friend Burke is a coke-aholic, but in a recent argument between myself and George, the details of which are not necessary for this post, we discovered the following list: 1886 Drink Coca-Cola. 1900 Deliciously refreshing. For headache and exhaustion, drink Coca-Cola. 1904 Coca-Cola is a delightful, palatable, healthful beverage. Coca-Cola satisfies. Delicious and Refreshing. Drink Coca-Cola in bottles - 5¢ 1905 Drink a bottle of carbonated Coca-Cola. Coca-Cola revives and sustains. Drink Coca-Cola at soda fountains. The favorite drink for ladies when thirsty, weary, and despondent. Good all the way down. Flows from every fountain. Sold in bottles. 1906 The drink of quality. The Great National Temperance. Thirst quenching - delicious and refreshing. 1907 Delicious Coca-Cola, sustains, refreshes, invigorates. Cooling... refreshing... delicious. Coca-Cola is full of vim, vigor and go - is a snappy drink. 1908 Sparkling - harmless as water, and crisp as frost. The satisfactory beverage. 1909 Delicious, wholesome, refreshing. Delicious, wholesome, thirst quenching. Drink delicious Coca-Cola. Whenever you see an arrow think of Coca-Cola. 1910 Drink bottled Coca-Cola - so easily served. It satisfies. Quenches the thirst as nothing else can. 1911 It's time to drink Coca-Cola. Real satisfaction in every glass. 1912 Demand the genuine - refuse substitutes. 1913 Ask for it by its full name - then you will get the genuine. The best beverage under the sun. It will satisfy you. A welcome addition to any party - anytime - anywhere. 1914 Demand the genuine by full name. Exhilarating, refreshing. Nicknames encourage substitutions. Pure and wholesome. 1915 The standard beverage. 1916 It's fun to be thirsty when you can get a Coca-Cola. Just one glass will tell you. 1917 Three million a day. The taste is the test of the Coca-Cola quality. There's a delicious freshness to the flavor of Coca-Cola. 1919 Coca-Cola is a perfect answer to thirst that no imitation can satisfy. It satisfies thirst. Quality tells the difference. 1920 Drink Coca-Cola with soda. Delicious and refreshing. The hit that saves the day. 1922 Quenching thirst everywhere. Thirst knows no season. Thirst can't be denied. Thirst reminds you - drink Coca-Cola. 1923 Refresh yourself. A perfect blend of pure products from nature. There's nothing like it when you're thirsty. 1924 Pause and refresh yourself. 1925 Six million a day. The sociable drink. Stop at the red sign and refresh yourself. 1926 Thirst and taste for Coca-Cola are the same thing. Stop at the red sign. 1927 Around the corner from anywhere. At the little red sign. 1928 A pure drink of natural flavors. 1929 The pause that refreshes. 1930 Meet me at the soda fountain. 1932 Ice-cold sunshine. The drink that makes the pause refreshing. 1933 Don't wear a tired, thirsty face. 1934 Carry a smile back to work. Ice-cold Coca-Cola is everywhere else - it ought to be in your family refrigerator. When it's hard to get started, Start with a Coca-Cola. 1935 The drink that keeps you feeling right. All trails lead to ice-cold Coca-Cola. The pause that brings friends together. 1936 What refreshment ought to be. Get the feel of wholesome refreshment. 1937 America's favorite moment. Cold refreshment. So easy to serve and so inexpensive. Stop for a pause... go refreshed. 1938 Anytime is the right time to pause and refresh. At the red cooler. The best friend thirst ever had. Pure sunlight. 1939 Coca-Cola goes along. Make lunch time refreshment time. Makes travel more pleasant. The drink everybody knows. Thirst stops here. 1940 Bring in your thirst and go away without it. The package that gets a welcome at home. Try it just once and you will know why. 1941 A stop that belongs on your daily timetable. Completely refreshing. 1942 The only thing like Coca-Cola is Coca-Cola itself. Refreshment that can't be duplicated. Wherever you are, whatever you do, wherever you may be, when you think refreshment, think ice-cold Coca-Cola. 1943 That extra something. A taste all its own. The only thing like Coca-Cola is Coca-Cola itself. It's the real thing. 1944 How about a Coke. High sign of friendship. A moment on the sunnyside. 1945 Whenever you hear "Have a Coke," you hear the voice of America. Passport to refreshment. Happy moment of hospitality. Coke means Coca-Cola. 1947 Coke knows no season. Serving Coca-Cola serves hospitality. Relax with the pause that refreshes. 1948 Delicious and refreshing. Where there's Coca-Cola there's hospitality. Think of lunchtime as refreshment time. 1949 Coca-Cola....Along the highway to anywhere. 1950 Help yourself to refreshment. 1951 Good food and Coca-Cola just naturally go together. 1952 Coke follows thirst everywhere. What you want is Coke. The gift of thirst. 1953 Dependable as sunrise. 1954 For people on the go. Matchless flavor. 1955 Almost everyone appreciates the best. America's preferred taste. 1956 Feel the difference. Friendliest drink on earth. Makes good things taste better. 1957 Sign of good taste. 1958 Refreshment the whole world prefers. The cold, crisp taste of Coke. 1959 Cold, crisp taste that deeply satisfies. Make it a real meal. 1960 Relax with Coke. Revive with Coke. 1961 Coke and food - refreshing new feeling. 1962 Enjoy that refreshing new feeling. Coca-Cola refreshes you best. 1963 A chore's best friend. Things go better with Coke. 1964 You'll go better refreshed. 1965 Something more than a soft drink. 1966 Coke...after Coke...after Coke 1970 It's the real thing. 1971 I'd like to buy the world a Coke. 1975 Look up America 1976 Coke adds life. 1979 Have a Coke and a Smile. 1982 Coke is it! 1985 We've got a Taste for You (Coca-Cola and Coca-Cola classic) America's Real Choice. 1986 Catch the wave (Coca-Cola) Red White & You (Coca-Cola classic) 1989 Can't Beat the Feeling. 1990 Can't Beat the Real Thing. 1993 Always Coca-Cola. 2001 Life tastes good. Pay special attention to the slogan from 1966 as it has a special message for Burke. Coke...after Coke...after Coke 