 I can not stand for client-side, JavaScript based, hit counter. The spec. that I need most: elegant and simple banner (I hate bigger and too-exposed color) and IP /host exclusion. urlLink CQCounter is my favourite, but, unfotunately they do not provide host exclusion, so it will be polluted with my own access when in editing or previewing mode. As a result, from yesterday I furnished our urlLink Analog , a web server's log analyzer. Most important things has been done was urlLink Virtual Host support. At the time when I first activated Analog, I erased our logs that include Virtual Host [ I know, erasing logs is near to criminal activity! ], but now I keep in mind that it is a must in an environment like our server. To avoid me from doing a stupid thing, like no historical awareness, I move old Analog's page in separate directory, and provide necessary link for it. All activities are recorded formally in urlLink Atijembar . All materials from old Coret Moret have been copied into new site with an explanation about anachronism . So, from now it is time to collect my writing from other archive as well as &mdash; more important &mdash; write more and more new articles. Today I launch urlLink Coret Moret Amal using MovableType (MT). Because MT 's environment is too heavy using deGromiest server, Coret Moret Amal is hosted in AMD machine &mdash; better performance with possible downtime risk because the nature of its usage. But this is the only option to provide better website. Digging into MT 's template and comparing with some working blog-site, I find that simplicity in style and clear block is more important to my writing site. Want to get into design quickly, but today I have less energy for my innovative mind. Maybe tonight until tomorrow! The heatwave across Europe makes these days get terrible with higher temperature. [ urlLink News ] So now the problem comes... Having tried MT in our urlLink deGromiest server , I found that it makes our server works hard &mdash; the final point is slow... It is my plan to use our AMD computer for MT , but how to make it reliable enough not to be used by gamers (aka. The Farras Team)? Maybe with time pass, there will be a solution, especially if my plan for this project sounds useful and attract visitors. Go and go! I can't resist! From yesterday evening, I dig into some possibilities for using blog tools &mdash; especially urlLink MovableType (MT) and urlLink WordPress . Both of them were known incidentally from a friend and Ensiklonesia. They both have plus-minus for my condition; even to me personally seems like a long-term fight between Perl and PHP . This new tools will be used to maintain more-in-layout website such as my urlLink Coret Moret and another other that is currently inside my plan. Finally, minutes to midnight, MT has been installed in my production machine. [MT's kick out: its ready-in-use style is superior. I never sit on design class, so pardon me! ] Related to my urlLink little announcement , I write email describing some statistics to deGromiest. It is archived in urlLink Yahoogroups (in Bahasa Indonesia) . I have a plan to expose it also in Serambi . One of my first and long-maintained website for our moslem community in Groningen, urlLink Serambi deGromiest , reach 10k+ hits today. It was built using handycraft simple scripting (perhaps lazy?) Andy Wardley's urlLink Template Toolkit . Of course, urlLink Perl rules! . This handycraft construction was at first to be choosed for accomodating our free webhosting that does not support server side scripting. But due to complexity (and once again, laziness?), even after currently two months migrating to our own server, I keep this method rocks! Other point: today I also visit some blog-related sites (production-tools, communities, templates, etc.) and truly, I ever consider (seducted, uh?) to accomodate their easy-maintenance, elegant-style, and multi-users support. Some hours I rethink and reconsider. But at least I will not change my self-hand made web tools by just that reasons. To be truth, I do not want getting too easy to maintain (do you ever think that behind a-to-z of programming, lies down a beauty of satisfaction?); elegant is okay, but... ups, we do not have any commited web-artist (so who will handle elegancy?); and multi-users... hoaaa... I am a single-fighter webmaster &mdash; Tukang Web sebatang kara ! After some consideration what topic should be written, today I complete my first entry to Ensiklonesia, entitle urlLink Alun-alun . Hope this is a good starting point for writing in Ensiklonesia. This urlLink Writing in Silence was started with intro Anything around me gets hard to be predicted, uneasy to manage, and virulent to be spoken. Bitter and cold. Finally I have to go back into my sharpest weapon: writing! I know this can be changed sometime in the future, so I archive it here. Basically, I am not so agree writing my opinion in urlLink curhat mode. It is a little bit sentimental, in a blue passion, and somewhat not easy to be expressed. But I am interested to write all my activities. It is not merely about to be exposed, but to invest a kind of nostalgia ("something nice to remember") for someday. The other reason is to share many useful practical things. This is also my experience in English writing. My other serious writing is absolutely in my mother language, Bahasa Indonesia, as I can do performing more acrobatic words there. :: Curhat is a short word from "curahan hati" (heartly speaking) that most Indonesian used when they want to talk something more intense or in private way. To make myself more active, I write my Dutch course in Weblog, urlLink NedLeuk . This is also my appreciate to new features offered by Blogger, such as "draft mode" and user-managed time and date. I try to use more Dutch in NedLeuk. urlLink Coret Moret is changed into PHP file to prepare more flexible, server-side programming in the future. To handle visitors from search engine's results that is still in .html extension, a rewriting in httpd.conf is provided, RewriteRule ^(.+)\.html$ $1\.php [L,R] Other major refurnishing is several buttons added: represent common gesture in blog world for any resources have been used. To me personally, I prefer blog button style for its minimalism and simple text expression. I named them as Stiker (sticker). First PHP 's usage is for handling Stiker's more... , so visitors come to see important and less buttons. Update on 18 Sept 03 : I remove Stiker's more because using ?bla=bli&amp;blu seems not so appropriate for blog style. In change, I still need PHP for handling Sideblog, a dynamic block in the right side that is changed more often. About Sideblog, urlLink Richard's MovableBLOG is an ultimate inspiration. urlLink Zumaidi Zainuddin 's MT 's plug in for converting Gregorian date to Hijriah is useful for promoting urlLink Hijriah system , so I add this snippet in urlLink Coret Moret Amal . After considering among various hot-topics that I am interested very much to make some annotates, I'd like to start maintaining a long awaited #direktif . Months ago, I set up #direktif as my initial self-effort to survive in profitable business model. But I was lack of marketing supporting and my daily condition was very hard to stand up for that business. I am in defence mode ; so along my nothing-ness, it is better for me to just create and maintain and having nothing else to be kept in mind. Why can't I trust [more] in the spirit of knowledge ? The result is I remake my #direktif using MT and spend my time to maintain notes about IT from various source. This will be a suggested writing, motivated expression, and target oriented notes. My next plan after enough notes published is to invite others for joining &mdash; thus, it will not be only my private collection. Welcome to visit urlLink #direktif . One day before urlLink Ramadan 1424H comes, my router that runs urlLink OpenBSD crashed caused by hard disk's failure. I tried to reboot several times, but it still can not be accessed. First I had an idea to use router based on single copy disket, but then I realize that it is somewhat the best time to force all my HTTP service into port 80. Due to the constraint that I have to inform all about Ramadan's start date and some things around that, I was enforced to stay until late on that weekend. The result, Sunday morning, 26 Oct., the Web server was up and ready again. More surprise, on the first date of Ramadan, that fell on 27 Oct., urlLink Serambi deGromiest hit record with 140 unique visitor and 240 page reload in a day. The highest so far. Printer friendly feature is required for Coret Moret, because it gives visitors a better page without to be spoiled by some Web pages attributes such as browser-minded layout. It is about stripping unnecessary HTML tags from page and remove layout block. I think this is one advantage of using DIV so removing block is well represented logically inside the document format. To provide printer friendly pages in MT , I do these following steps: Create new template for printer friendly. I choose Individual template to be stripped. Remove block layout, comments, and other unnecessary header tags. Because printed version is attached into individual article, so inside Template section, create Archive-related Templates and use informative name, for example Printer Friendly for my template. Now, to use that template, in Weblog Config , section Archiving , create new archiving with Add New... button and choose Individual archive type for inserting new template. Back to Archiving page, create new archive name, in Archive File Template . To distinguish with existing Individual Entry Archive, I add _pf suffix. Because I use my own file name for Individual Entry Archive, so I make it both of them correlate. As the result, file perbaikan_komentar for example, will have printer friendly version namely perbaikan_komentar_pf in the same subdirectory. Add related URI inside any template that expose printer friendly version. For example, in the bottom of article in individual mode I insert &lt;a href="&lt;$MTEntryPermalink$&gt;_pf"&gt;Printer Friendly&lt;/a&gt; . In short, we create a new "stripped" template and make them related in the final document. Another approach I ever read is by using mt-view.cgi that is provided by MT . This approach using dynamic view by manipulating document from database directly per request. The bad side about my trick is: I can not prevent search engines' robots crawling these printer friendly pages, because it resides in the same directory with the original archive files. I try to save all printer friendly document in other directory with similiar structure and then protect that directory using robots.txt but I can not find any tags for to represent this alternative template. So, the final thing I can use for preventing search engines' indexing is using META tag. I know it is not good idea because the document is still fethced. Any idea? Added on 1 Nov: In urlLink Warnadunia Forum Nimbus suggested urlLink using CSS 2 's Media Type capability to handle this situation. Nice alternative. I made major revision (and perhaps get a risk from lost visitors) to my MT 's filename structure. Using number such as 000021.php is less sense to a title such as Perbaikan Komentar . Truly I was inspired by Richard Eriksson 's August article titled urlLink Plugins Work in Archive File Templates . His short-but-enough tutorial is helpful for me to change my setup. Also do not forget various URL he mentioned that expose some considerations about filename in blog's Permalink. Other important thing I have done is erasing file's extention, php , from URL . As you guess, visitors who come from search engine will get a real lost because this reconstruction. Next month I hope the situation will be better. .htaccess in Coret Moret's directory contains ForceType application/x-httpd-php And in /scripts and /buttons directory, their .htaccess contain ForceType none Added on 21 October : because .htaccess is accessed in each Apache request to that directory (less efficient) and it is easy for me to modify Web server's configuration, I move entries in .htaccess into Apache's httpd.conf . One more project: a website for our lovely children, Farras and Safira . I think it will be interesting to write some short memorable words and activities from childage. Memorable and something nice to remember some time in the future. Once again: I am crazy in using MT , so this is the place for all. About the layout design, I am inspired by pullovers that are used by Farras and Safira. Bright color but simple, with background in orange &mdash; a color that also represents where we live now: The Netherlands. Come to visit, urlLink Farras &amp; Safira . After being notified by one visitor, I realized that there was a problem in urlLink Coret Moret . The POST mechanism for previewing and sending comment is failed and No entry_id found error message returned. Because I only tested this from inside firewall, I just assumed that anything was okay. Until 3 October... Having bug hunting and finishing all for two days (not full time, folks!), I write urlLink small documentation in Coret Moret (Bahasa Indonesia). Now the comment box is ready to accomodate visitors' feedback. For last backup, I have performed with scripting both for tar -ing system's most useful configuration and selecting which directories in- or excluded. I tried to report this script here, but getting mess with this Blogger's automatic wrapping inside multi-line text input ( &lt;textarea&gt; ?) [so, it proves that editing via real editor such as urlLink vim is still more appropriate ]. Finally I wrote a note about Backup in my urlLink Coret Moret . Backup CD has been created on 20 September 2003 . Having seen an example from urlLink Budsz 's MRTG , I think it is an interesting point to have this kind of system's report. Unpacking it from Debian's package, I setup urlLink MRTG 's page and observing external connection's traffic. Having had a dream for a long time, finally I purchased two urlLink web.id domain name for my weblogs. Coretmoret.web.id for urlLink Coret Moret and direktif.web.id for urlLink #direktif . To ease the process and also use their DNS for registering my computer's IP address, I choosed urlLink Murih . Of course, from the old address, as subdomain of degromiest.nl , urlLink rewrite rules to a new address are provided. &lt;VirtualHost *&gt; ServerName coretmoret.degromiest.nl RewriteRule ^/(.*)$ http://coretmoret.web.id/$1 [R,L] &lt;/VirtualHost&gt; With generousity from CSS 2, and also urlLink thank to Nimbus for suggestion , I replace Printed Version from my urlLink Coret Moret and urlLink #direktif . It is a simple step: all I have to do is providing stripped version from original, screen-oriented stylesheet. Because MT 's default template consists of main block such as links for my sideblog and comments-head for commenting part, I can easily hide them in printer stylesheet, .links, .comments-head { display: none; } I provide printer feature only in Individual mode, so inside its template, I made this modification &lt;link rel="stylesheet" href="&lt;$MTBlogURL$&gt;css/styles-site.css" type="text/css" media="screen" /&gt; &lt;link rel="stylesheet" href="&lt;$MTBlogURL$&gt;css/styles-printer.css" type="text/css" media="print" /&gt; The document has two separate stylesheets now, each for specific media. This solution does not provide separate document for printer version, instead it gives proper view (guided by stylesheet) for printer. To see the result, and not by messing printer, Print Preview menu in browser can be used. Finally, to provide link for visitor to print, JavaScript will help, &lt;a href="javascript:this.print()"&gt;Print this page&lt;/a&gt; Since 1 Dec, I pulled my tutorial out from urlLink Coret Moret to its own page, urlLink or die(); . My primary consideration is they need to be arranged into its own more spesific categories, so it will be more flexible to be done in their own weblog. More than that, it is also &mdash; hopefully &mdash; easier for visitor who comes for that topic, get into suitable location. Or die(); is a simple behind my mind: I just type my trick and very practical experience in front of computer, especially about configurations setting and programming. So it will be easier for me to repeat reading about some "mysterious" solutions that come incidentally, for example. And, if they are also useful for others, why not to be share? The 30 minutes Thomas' templates added. Copy and paste is the best method, with some additional new created template; all is now ready to be rebuilt. With EntriesPerRebuild is unchanged from its default (40), rebuid process is performed normally. Today I join urlLink Thomas Arie Setiawan to dig into urlLink his Weblog's problem . I am curious because at the first I did with debugging, it is ended with error message Premature end of script headers . As far as I know from common Perl problem, it is about end-of-line difference between UNIX and Windows. So I made file type checking and ensuring that anything is in UNIX format. Still that error message appears! To make sure that there is no file with incorrect file format or permission, I unzip new MT tarball, and upload this new version into Thomas's directory both from my Linux and Windows boxes. Still misterious and error log from Apache does not tell much. After 2 hours fixing and testing, I went into urlLink Google for "500 internal server error mt rebuild" but found nothing except there is one or two guys facing similiar problems but no solutions explained. One statement told that someone has been helped by MT support forum comunity, so &mdash; as I planned for the last searching &mdash; I looked into Support Forum. I found Thomas had posted urlLink his problem there, but no solution yet. I searched more specific 500 Internal error issue and found a possibility from urlLink process mechanism used by MT for building pages. Having tried to set EntriesPerRebuild into lower value (20 and 5), rebuilding Weblog still got failed. Sure I do not know the limitation from Thomas' hosting server about this process and its effect to how MT works. The best thing I can do is exporting Warnadunia's content into my computer &mdash; which does not have such kind limitations :-) &mdash; and testing it by rebuliding all. Bla and bla... it works ! Ups, Thomas's prejudice about the possibility using better hosting service this morning sounds becoming necessity for his hundreds articles in his Weblog. For me? It seems that if somedays in the future I have to move my stuff into commercial webhosting, I have to deal between cheapest and scalable enough. I remember one discussion thread in Warnadunia Forum telling why MT is urlLink less popular in Indonesia. [Added on 22/01] Thomas tells that he tweaked ThrottleSeconds variable in mt.cfg and got better rebuilding. I will also try to apply Thomas' original layout into my trial in my computer. Backup and backup! Since today is one month after the last backup (10 Dec.), it seems one month regular backup is a well worth to be started. Our websites grow from static to database-minded with more configurations and pictures. CD Rewritable will be a good solution, at least I can rotate the lattest 6 backups. January 2004 &mdash; new year! &mdash; is marked by renewing my Weblogs' layout. Started before end of December for urlLink #direktif , I reconstructed its layout with inspiration from Six Apart's clean and smooth block. So I removed unnecessary entries inside sideblog and changed all bold-style anchor into normal, underlined font. Seems the nature and simple-easy Web page comes again. The red-white combination is, of course , still main color for #direktif with additional golden strip. 31 Dec. is the date for my last post in #direktif for 2003 and this is first entry for new layout. New year comes and some days after I completed new design for urlLink Coret Moret . Similiar with #direktif for global layout, I focused my writing for all pages, so menu is only a sticky note placed in right part. Coret Moret's new design is inspired by this Writing in Silence's template. I also made space for Coret Moret narrower, compacted in the middle with smaller font was choosed. There are so many unnecessary things (mostly experiment part with MT ) were removed. Only my articles exist &mdash; those are now the focus on my Weblog! I also made it last article is shown in complete form on main page; last articles were displayed fewer. For these changes, I wrote their spirit, urlLink Tata Letak Baru (A New Layout) as first entry for year 2004. Since several days ago, I noticed that #direktif is less visited compared with the time before I got urlLink trouble with my server . The "search word" recorded by my Analog's statistics is also empty. So, yesterday I checked to search common word from #direktif via Google, and... oops, no result for direktif.web.id! Ah, this is what I have to pay for last week of January until mid-February problem with Atijembar: Google's crawls were failed to read #direktif (only #direktif) so for now on (until next reindex on their database) #direktif is unreachable from Google. The other major search engines? Unfortunately they are usually too late to update. My urlLink MRTG that was installed in my firewall had been stopped, following the replacement of degromiest as a router with Sweex broadband router. Beside it is smaller and portable enough, I do not need any additional services in that old computer. Thanks for degromiest which has replaced lawanggeni for months and did a good job! Hope this will be the end of long-to-be-predictable trilogy of my server, urlLink Atijembar . I went to urlLink Norrod Computer , Groningen, for RAM replacement, because it is still in their guarantee. The replacement has higher frequency, 400 MHz, and at 15.30 Atijembar has been ready to serve with 640MB memory size. The /var/log/syslog contains no error related to system, such as segmentation fault or part of kernel crash after one day run with its 128MB RAM . Go, Atijembar, go! I was still rethinking about what happens with Atijembar. It is very strange that even simple program run by limited privileges user can make kernel space damage. The other unusual thing is when computer is rebooted: in more frequent occassion than before, it stops seconds after reboot instruction is performed. At first, I thougt this was caused by reboot script which maybe not compliant with APM in my computer. Yesterday I tried to diagnose with utilities from urlLink MSI inside Windows XP, no problem, but Windows' restart got similiar, hang, problem! At first I suspect it was caused by IDE cables that are used by two hard disks and two CD drives. Can't the motherboard handle their total size? Its specification does not tell anything about that. So I assume it must be safe. Along searching configuration or jumper position inside motherboard user guide, I came into LED diagnostics that comes with motherboard. This is common feature in the lattest motherboard which inform boot steps. I still had not noticed where this LED stands. *Blink* Ah, when computer room is darker, I can see blink red and yellow light in the back side of casing! . And, yes! There are four square LED beside USB ! Accompanied also by urlLink Ismail Fahmi (who at that moment he spent his time visiting me) to identify the pattern after reboot's fail case, it stopped in "fail memory testing". I opened again Atijembar's casing, test with one piece RAM and got failed, so it is suspected damage. The other piece (smaller size, 128 MB ) then replaced this failed memory and reboot process was without problem. I tested for a day, and no segmentation fault happened. Getting worse and worse in this week urlLink run-and-also-test my Debian Web server. It was somewhat strange that I got failed file system operation in only about half day after file system repairment. Beside that, some applications crashed into segmentation fault and made system unstable. Two most frequent problematic applications were urlLink Spamassassin and urlLink Jdresolve , which coincidentally were invoked by cron. I tried to debug both of them by executing individually with their proper privilege (for example Jdresolve from www-data account), but still problem arose. Another way I did was to reinstall some of applications/libraries which I suspected corrupt or misconfiguration. Debian's apt-get install --reinstall is a very helpful command for doing that. But no better result at all! So I came into an conclusion to reinstall Debian, by first fixing backup script to make it easy saving valuable files in tar format inside safe partition (i.e. FAT32 partition). Finally, on Friday, 13 February I reinstalled Debian again, with one fault I made inside backup script: /var/log/apache is forgotten included. Today Debian runs in second run-and-test with very limited packages. XWindows is not yet installed and Apache's log is used but untouched by such as log analyzer applications. Yet really, I missed previous one week Apache's log . Atijembar still has problem for this week operation (and also test). This morning, with last command was executed on 06.25, the main partition /dev/hda1 is suddenly remounted read-only, so journal could not be written. On startup after reboot, fsck detected some errors and do some i-node repairments. No additional report in logfiles. On Thursday, 29 January, at 04.00, my Web server, Atijembar , got a problem. I was working inside urlLink XFree when suddenly urlLink Mozilla was interrupted unexpectedly and my Mutt changed its active mailbox into read only status. Checking from console screen, I found mounted partition used by Linux was error, so it was automatically remounted into read only status as written in /etc/fstab . Actually I got similiar error message some days before, and without too much attention to consider it as a problem, I simply did reboot and computer ran again as usual. But that time, after rebooting, my urlLink Debian GNU/Linux asked me to enter single user mode and did disk scan. Having executed fsck with so many i-node corrected and saved it in lost+found , I noticed that Apache daemon is failed, as well MySql . Minutes later I came into a conclusion that something worse than I think, had happened: most of important binary files in /usr/sbin were missing . I did know exactly what happened inside /home partition, the best I could do was quickly doing backup routine. A slight modification inside backup script is done to accomodate physical storage of MySql's databases. It is needed because last backup was done about a month ago using mysqldump and the days after there were so many database activities. It is a complete accident: library module for CD writer, ide-scsi got corrupt and no backup into CD operation under Linux can be performed. The only thing I could do was copying all .tar.gz files into urlLink Windows XP 's FAT 32 partition and burned them into CD later. The rest of that morning was to let my children using Atijembar for games under Windows! Along investigation I did to my hard disk, I found there was no physical error, so it was a little strange to get I/O error as reported by ext3 journaling file system. Without too long to think, I took simple conclusion on Thursday evening that hard disk was broken and had to be replaced. Even I tried with Windows XP (that uses other partition), the operating system ran well but after that, disk operation was failed, so let alone Windows run using RAM , and minutes later, crashed. The day after, Friday 30 January, I replaced my hard disk with a new and larger one. Windows installation still got failed with annoyance error messages that my computer is not compliant with some of Windows' hardware specifications . Joking to myself: do I have to replace my complete machine? Do I have to beg in front of Mr. Gates? I left Windows partition unused, after some broken installations. Skip to Linux installation with Debian. The result was not better at all: installation was in major interrupted in some unpredictable spots and even it was successful, the result is very unstable. The I/O error messages still appeared, so it would be very early to say this computer is ready to operate. I was curious whether a new hard disk is too large to be handled by my computer. How it that comes a two years old computer suddenly becomes out of date? Funny! urlLink Ismail Fahmi , one of my colleague, comes with a suggestion to borrow his old hard disk for testing. Along waiting his coming on Saturday, 31 January, I came into idea to test my computer with Knoppix . This was a second test after my computer broken with different condition: now with a new hard disk. Knoppix detected configuration correctly, but... a moment after XFree initialization, my monitor got flash and blink for several times and XWindows could not be started. Knoppix itself was not broken, it simply reported in console screen that XWindows could not be launced. After twice experiment with Knoppix, I step into new conclusion that the problem seemed coming from VGA card. Duh! At the evening of Iedul Adha 1424H, I contacted Elfahmi Yaman, other colleague who had PC , and asked him for testing my computer with his VGA card. Not waiting too long, a half hour later I brought Atijembar to Elfahmi's house and performing some tests both with Windows XP installation and Knoppix running directly from CD . Bla and bla... one hour test was enough: the problem was identified more precisely. It came from VGA card and caused some effects into I/O transactions. I was at home again, finding borrowed hard disk from Ismail Fahmi on my table. Having enough speculation from previous test with VGA card, I just made sure this conclusion perfect by seeing that even with older, smaller size, hard disk, Atijembar with fail VGA card, could not operate well. A long awaiting until Monday, 2 February, noon, because in Groningen , shops are open usually at 13.00. I chose the cheapest card from available offering in some computer shops: urlLink Radeon 7000, 64MB . Fixing hardware configuration and testing its stability using Windows XP, Debian GNU/Linux was then installed, configurations were reset into proper ones, and backup at last was restored. Tuesday afternoon I opened firewall for Atijembar's service. Some of my friends realized this and notified via email. Wednesday, 4 February, I made announcement to our community that our Website had been activated. Because this computer is also used by me for working (development), I still fight to install this-and-that to make it comfortable as before. It has some trickies configurations and settings, but that is another story. The most important thing, the web server function, has been reactivated successfully. My empathy for one of my friends in Bandung who also had hardware problem caused by bad fluctuate electricity that destroyed physically. Once again, I must deal with RAM of Atijembar . After some kernel error reporting segmentation fault, I came into unstable condition yesterday and this morning. Examining log, I found that fatal errors happen when available free space was too low. In the kernel language, that is time to request new page (?) and reallocate unused space. Or I think that is time "high area" of RAM is used. I reproduced this situation several times and, indeed, that is the problem. One of Debian experts in #debian channel in Freenode suggested me to use memtest for testing my RAM . I tested using both memtest86 and urlLink memtest86+ , but the results were somewhat strange. Even with new (again) replacement RAM , it reported some errors. So, which one can I trust? The old 128MB one is still the best, no error was reported. I tried to install Debian with 128MB (enough, er?), but it was fail at the last stage of installation. Do not know why for a long enough time, and still suspected that it was RAM problem. On Friday, 5 March, after sholat Jumat and talking for while with Ismail Fahmi (unplanned meeting in Super de Boer), I came with idea this was maybe about partition problem which I used to ease (re)installation. The /var partition was mounted from old saved one, so I do not need to back-and-forth moving large size directory there. I did installation with letting Debian creating its new /var partition, and... ah, successful! Soon after that, both new and old /var were synchronized, and Web server was up and run again. For a month since now, I will test this RAM with various memory-minded operation to make it sure anything is in order. Yesterday I had to fixed my Atijembar again. File system of main partition got corrupt and aah... I want to get stability quickly, so the best thing is saving all important files to data partitions and installing Debian. As I was surprised &mdash; and a little dissapoinment &mdash; with my server's performance overall, I was still curious where the problem really exists. And today afternoon, an incident happened and a little explanation satisfied me. I made a backup from one CD using raw method, dd if=/dev/cdrom of=filename.iso After minutes of reading and writing, segmentation fault suddenly happened and I had to reboot and did fsck repairment. But I knew that I missed bs (block size) parameter. I tried one more with correct command, dd if=/dev/cdrom of=filename.iso bs=1k It is safe and exited normally. So, my little prediction with yesterday's failure is about dumping data in huge size. Because last weekend I helped reinstalling my friend's notebook and I used Atijembar's urlLink Samba for backing up notebook's hard disk. For unknown period, I will stop writing at this Weblog , due to the excessive works I must do in my primary Weblog, urlLink Coret Moret Amal and its families, and urlLink #direktif . I will still keep my Blogger account alive, but let the status of this site to be archived . YES, the urlLink unknown periode is now stopped. I decide to maintain my account in Blogger live again after some short-but-frequently visiting urlLink some of urlLink my friends ' urlLink Blogger . Thinking that it is better not to only furnishing my Blogger profile, I look toward my old blog, and still seems interesting to go on. Choosing new template (yeah, this is a real magnet regarding what has happened in Blogger), rebuilding all pages, and activating commenting. Thanks very much for urlLink Enetation which had been used for months, and now I use Blogger's own. Unfortunately, commenting will be active for a new posting &mdash; old messages are left without comment. So, this is also first posting with comment on. See you after this announcement post. I would like to write some sorts of my busy backoffice. Urusan dapur , that is Indonesian calls. At the same time urlLink I restructured Coret Moret's layout, Kliping &mdash; small notes placed in the right column &mdash; was dumped out. My main reason for that decision was to make my layout as clean as possible. I found that right column was too cluttered by scrambled text, so its main problem was really in layout. And I had limited idea to anticipate this situation, so I turn into my main page as top priority and forget about this not-important-but-interesting feature. Until someday! After looking some urlLink practical implementation , well run and nice to integrate with main pages, I consider Kliping to appear co-existence with main document. Just another Weblog inside Weblog, and chronicle as an order for showing. Aside from technical issue, which usually comes first, I feel more enjoyable now writing some less context issue and need no complete work. Just write, for information, comment, or even my standing. Enjoy my shorter words. Maybe this is too late: after my experience launching urlLink my first WordPress-based blog , I noticed that it attracted more crawler request than my previous blogs. I understand that in the other side, I did not activate ping feature inside Movable Type — which for other reason, I do not like to be visited by several ugly name crawlers. Inside WordPress' configuration, there is http://rpc.pingomatic.com for ping. I visited that site and read some of Matt "WordPress" Mullenweg's introduction, and thing to be considered to use. Having fulfilled into all of my Movable Type's blog, everything changed fast: more crawlers came — it means increasing hits in statistics. But, really I can not yet come into conclusion that this is all only because of ping. In other condition, I push urlLink #direktif with progressive increasing articles, so it naturally attract more visitors coming due to more and more materials reached from search engine (i.e. Google and Yahoo!). Other way to keep visitor longer by visiting other entries is by providing related entry box. I used urlLink simple and clean approach from Kalsey, and it works very nice for #direktif. Ah, increasing visitors: I'd like to watch figures about that just as stockbroker gets crazy in front of moving numbers in stock exchange. How to deal with several blogs: various topics and different tools? For some actual reasons, I live around that condition. IT and its related, social and lifestyle, literary and culture, and some short annotations about my country, are some things I want to dump out from my brain. I ever though that with some separations &mdash; and actually I use some domain name with also different tools &mdash; it will be less effective for writing continuation and the possibility of having delay in one topics. But let me try. One day I prefer to think and write about one aspect, so I tune into that theme, and the other day I dig into others. One day into another, and I imagine these all are like some pieces of books I am free to write. These books are all open and it is up to me which one looked interesting to be written in a time. So keep relax. And write. 